when someone commits a murder they typically go to extreme lengths to cover up their brutal crime . the harsh prison sentences that go along with killing someone are enough to deter most people from ever wanting to be caught , not to mention the intense social scrutiny they would face . occasionally , however , there are folks who come forward and admit guilt in their crime . this can be for any number of reasons , like to gain notoriety or to clear their conscience , though , in other instances , people do it to come clean to the people they care about . when rachel hutson was just 19 years old , she murdered her own mother in cold blood . as heinous and unimaginable as her crime was , it was what she did after that shocked people the most … rachel was just a teenager when she committed an unthinkable act against her own other … while that in and of itself was a heinous crime , it ’s what rachel did in the aftermath of her own mother ’s murder that shook people to their core . you ’re not going to believe what strange thing she decided to do next … it ’s hard to understand what drove rachel to commit this terrible act , but sending the photo afterward seems to make even less sense . share this heartbreaking story with your friends below .
james milner may not be one of the most exciting players in world football but he is one of the most effective , as underlined by the fact that the liverpool ace is on the verge of making champions league history . ahead of his side 's semi-final first-leg meeting with roma at anfield , the england international needs just one more assist to break the tournament 's all-time record for a single season . indeed , milner has already created eight goals during the reds ' remarkable run to the last four – three more than his nearest rivals , team-mate roberto firmino and luis suarez of the already-eliminated barcelona . should the 32-year-old midfielder turn provider again against roma , he will claim outright possession of the record from neymar and wayne rooney , both of whom racked up seven assists , in 2016-17 and 2013-14 , respectively . milner 's achievement is made all the more remarkable for the fact that he has played only 611 minutes – fewer than both neymar ( 797 ) and rooney ( 765 ) . he actually started liverpool 's champions league campaign on the bench , failing to see any game time in the draws with sevilla and spartak moscow . however , as soon as he was added to jurgen klopp 's starting line-up , the reds began winning , with milner racking up an assist in both the away and home wins over maribor . milner set up three goals in the 7-0 demolition of spartak , which saw liverpool progress to the knockout stage as winners of group e. milner teed firmino up for liverpool 's fourth in their 5-0 win at porto in the last 16 before doing likewise for alex oxlade-chamberlain in the rousing 3-0 victory over manchester at anfield in the quarter-finals . as a result , the reds ' unlikely hero is now poised to do something no player has ever done before in champions league history !
making fun of people can be a sign that you truly care , and feel comfortable enough within your relationship to gently tease them . this is not the case in the photos below . these people were ruthlessly roasted . you will definitely laugh at how great the jokes are , and feel grateful that you are not the one feeling the internet 's collective wrath . it 's all good though because you will admit that most of these people were asking for it . scroll through to see 13 hilarious times people were savage online . make sure to leave a comment with which one you liked the most . 1 . before and after photo 2 . might need a makeup call on this one 3 . what would you rather have ? 4 . when people ask to be roasted on reddit5 . there are several layers of savage going on here6 . chef ramsay takes no prisoners 7 . when your priorities are n't straight 8 . is this funny ? 9 . man , that 's cold ... 10 . no refunds 11 . thumbs up on this one 12 . artistic integrity 13 . it 's hip to be square ... which of these did you think was the funniest ?
there are days when the forces that be are just not in your favor , and then there 's days where bad things are happening to you and it 's mostly your own fault . the people in these photos are having tough days - and far be it for us to laugh at people down on their luck - but if you look it appears that most of them deserve what they got . that 's what makes this assortment of hilarious pics great because you can laugh with impunity . check out 14 funny pictures of people have rough days . make sure to let us know in the comments which photo you thought was the funniest . 1 . when you ca n't remember when you fed your dog for dinner 2 . who took a bite and put it back ? 3 . when your sea-doo is all-terrain4 . i 'd be afraid to know what opened up this pit 5 . makes me so self conscious of my stubby normal arms 6 . did your mom ever make you this ? 7 . " looks like we wo n't be bbqing tonight " 8 . booster seat 9 . when you just made your last car payment ... 10 . looks like this one is your own fault 11 . " we fix phones , not windows " 12 . when you are n't allowed to have late night snacks 13 . would you ever pull this prank on someone ? 14 . hope nobody rear-ends himwhich of these did you like the most ?
we do n't always get to choose our life 's calling . some people were born to play an instrument , some were born to work with their hands , and others were born to heal people . the people in these photos were born to fail . they are so exquisitely talented at doing things the wrong way that you 'll be convinced they were destined to do this . or maybe these people are just next level trolling all of us and doing these on purpose . scroll through to see 13 people are are so good at failing you 'll think it 's a talent . be sure to let us know in the comments which one you thought was the funniest . 1 . does she think it 's a viewmaster toy ? 2 . this could get really messy 3 . we really coddle kids too much these days 4 . has this person never seen a shirt hung up before ? 5 . have you ever done this ? 6 . noly the onely 7 . this could spell disaster for somebody who 's very tired 8 . has this person never seen a pizza eaten before ? 9 . ever seen a friend do this ? 10 . at least the nuggets are n't ruined 11 . the double easy-spelling mistake ... 12 . how many levels of fail is this ? 13 . when you do n't even have the energy to fight with your neighbor anymorewhich of these did you think was the best ?
some people are destined to have terrible things happen to them , while others have a clandestine angel looking after them . the photos below showcase people who came ridiculously close to dangerous disaster , and somehow managed to escape unscathed . these pictures will make you believe in guardian angels , or at least that some people are just luckier than others . check out 12 people who narrowly avoided certain disaster . make sure to let us know in the comments which one was the craziest . 1 . these photos will teach you : safety first ! 2 . definitely unsafe to have an unsecured ax laying around your truck 3 . quick reflexes 4 . no idea how they escaped unharmed 5 . half-expecting gollum to show up and snatch this " precious " ring 6 . bulls eye7 . that would have been an expensive expedition 8 . punctuation matters 9 . stop ! just stop right now ! 10 . two things you do not want to confuse 11 . hope you like cream in your coffee 12 . camouflaged kittywhich one did you think was the luckiest to avoid disaster ?
ronald mcdonald , that cheeseburger-slinging maestro of mcflurries , has a completely different identity in japan . okay , so it 's not that different , but after searches for " what is ronald mcdonald called in japan ? " spiked in google searches today , we had to know : what is he called ? and is this just another internet hoax-turned-headline ?! turns out , it 's true . it 's not like he 's assuming a new identity , forced into the big mac protection program after too many run-ins with the hamburglar . in japan , he 's very much the same mcdonald you see in the states : same red hair , same ketchup-and-mustard-colored garb , even down to the same last name . the only change is that in japan , he 's donald mcdonald , or rather , donarudo makudonarudo . similarly , the chain 's charity , the ronald mcdonald house , is known as the donald mcdonald house there . this decision was made back in 1971 , when a businessman who helped open the country 's first mickey d 's suggested the swap , deeming it easier to pronounce , according to business insider . i never realized japan called him donald mcdonald and now my life is a lie pic.twitter.com/oo1y0kkgx8— królowa rzeczna @ missing viivii ( @akiratotsuka ) april 5 , 2018 while some say that 's because it 's hard for japanese speakers to pronounce the letter " r " as it sounds in the english language , kotaku explains that 's an oversimplification . ronald mcdonald in japanese is ronarudo makudonarudo , and having the " ro " sound so close to the " ru " sound would trip people up , because the very similar — yet different — sounds do n't quite roll off the tongue , the site argues . plus , japanese audiences were already familiar with " donarudo , " thanks to donald duck 's popularity when the chain opened there , so it was a more natural fit .
if you 've got any unused rewards or coupons saved through your whole foods loyalty account , use 'em or lose 'em . may 1 is the last day you 'll be able to apply them to purchases at any of the market outposts , according to an email whole foods sent out to members . the program is shutting down for good on may 2 , only about a year after its launch , but a new wave of whole foods discounts is in the works . sign up for prime $ 99 per year , amazon.comfrom may onward , cheaper buys will be a perk only offered to amazon prime members . ( add it to the list of money-saving benefits prime users depend on . ) jeff bezos and his crew have n't announced what exactly the new rewards program will entail , but the language used on the whole foods site sounds promising . a page ominously titled " change is coming " says that the market is " cooking up something good with amazon . " it 's only the latest in a slew of whole foods-related prime benefits that have happened since amazon acquired the grocer , including free two-hour shipping of groceries and the sale of certain whole foods products through prime pantry . in a shareholder letter sent by bezos on april 18 , it was revealed that amazon has 100 million prime members — bigger than the population of some small countries . given the news , that number 's probably only going up .
it ’s hour three of your flight . you 've exhausted the movie selection , you 're getting hangry and restless , but just as you revert to playing uno by yourself , the meal cart comes cruising down the aisle and your eyes light up . not because anything fancy is coming , but because free food is good food . for one delta passenger , however , the aftermath was n't worth the freebie at all . the apple from her in-flight meal left her charged with a $ 500 fine . crystal tadlock was flying on the first leg of her trip home from paris when she was given an apple wrapped in plastic with delta 's logo on it from an attendant as part of the in-flight meal service , reported kdvr . tadlock told kdvr she threw the fruit in her bag to have on her second flight home to denver , but her bag was randomly searched by a customs and border protection agent while going through customs during a layover in new york . she explained to the agent she had received the snack from the airline and asked if she could throw it out or eat it . she said the agent said no , and instead gave her a massive fine . “ he had asked me if my trip to france was expensive and i said , ‘ yeah . ’ i did n’t really get why he was asking that question , and then he said ‘ it ’s about to get a lot more expensive after i charge you $ 500 . ” tadlock told kdvr . tadlock is set to fight the ticket in court over paying up . “ it ’s really unfortunate someone has to go through that and be treated like a criminal over a piece of fruit , ” she added.we reached out to u.s. customs and border patrol for comment , but have n't heard back yet .
yup , you heard the news right : if you head to outback steakhouse today , april 23 , you can get a free bloomin ' onion — thanks to race car driver kevin harvick . a little context before you sprint over to your neighborhood location : harvick drives the no. 4 ford fusion ( decked out in jimmy john 's , busch beer , and monster energy logos ) , and this season , his wins equal free food . whenever harvick places in the top 10 of a race , customers get the restaurant 's famous appetizer for free . the fine print says the offer is valid with any purchase , so theoretically you could walk in , order a drink , and get a free meal , though you should definitely tip your waiter well if you do so . it 's limited to one per table , but luckily , the onions are big enough to share . as always , the deep-fried onion petals are served with outback 's signature bloom sauce . for those of you who are already nascar fans , you can eat like a champ by ordering harvick 's favorite meal alongside your free bloomin ' onion . harvick is a fan of the victoria filet mignon , while his wife delana is into the alice springs chicken .
gordon ramsay — king of beef wellington and teaser of plant-eaters — is going vegan . rather , the chef 's " going to give this #vegan thing a try . " ramsay nonchalantly threw that line in the caption of his recent instagram post featuring a photo of a cheese-less pizza from his just-opened street pizza restaurant in london . ramsay is n't the first big-name chef to make the switch from carnivore to herbivore — food network star marcela valladolid recently tried it , too — but he might be the most unlikely . vegans and vegetarians are regular targets of his insults ; he 's even tweeted that he 's allergic to them . when british singer cheryl cole appeared on the f word in 2007 , ramsay mocked her vegetarian diet . that same year , he jokingly stated this in an interview with the daily mirror : " my biggest nightmare would be if the kids ever came up to me and said ' dad , i 'm a vegetarian . ' then i would sit them on the fence and electrocute them . " he 's managed to offend peta on multiple occasions , too . just two months ago , ramsay tweeted , " i 'm a member of peta ! people eating tasty animals ... " , to which the animal rights group responded : " oh , dear , gordon . we 've heard that old line before . while you 're spending time mocking the future #vegan we 're betting you one day become , most chefs are exploring healthy , animal - &amp; environment-friendly #plantbased dishes . " um , did peta just predict the future ? only time will tell whether ramsay meant he 's simply trying some vegan foods — on the menus in his restaurants , during meals here and there — or if he 's actually planning to stick to the diet . the chef 's made a number of healthy lifestyle changes recently , including dropping more than 50 pounds . maybe this is what 's next .
krispy kreme knows how to keep us coming back for more . after decades of keeping their original glazed doughnut pure and simple , they 've unleashed a spree of new flavors , all of which have been offered for an extremely limited time.for the newest flavor , which america voted on earlier this year , they 're actually giving us a bit of a break . as in , you wo n't have to stake out krispy kreme on one specific day . krispy kreme 's lemon glaze doughnut will be in participating stores for a full week — from monday , april 23 to sunday , april 29 . that 's next week , so mark your calendars ! courtesy of krispy kreme the lemon donut has a fresh , bright taste to it , with all of the sweetness of the original . if you like lemon pound cake , and more specifically the part that 's drizzled with icing , you 'll be a fan of these . " there has been so much anticipation and zest for the new lemon glaze doughnut , we ca n’t wait to share the joy with our fans , " chief marketing officer jackie woodward said of the new flavor.fans picked lemon over caramel , blueberry , and maple during the january vote .
" bet you ca n't eat just one " may be the lay 's tagline , but the saying could just as easily apply to m &amp; m 's . if you 've ever been in the presence of a jar of the chocolate candies , you know how easily a handful can turn into three . and more often , how quickly a fun-size bag can be emptied . as per usual , target has the answer to our problems ( or enables our bad habits , depending on your outlook ) . you can now purchase bucket size containers of m &amp; m 's in regular and peanut flavors . each bucket has 32.5 ounces of candy , which is equal to 19 regular-size bags of m &amp; m 's . yep , we did the math . that 's not quite as big as the 42-ounce party size bags , which are also resealable , but not as cute as the buckets . priorities . the buckets have been spotted on food blogs like candy hunting and are listed on the target website , although they 're not available to purchase online , and only appear to be available in certain locations . if you do spot them at your local tar-jay , make sure to use the cartwheel app — they 're currently listed as 20 percent off , which will save you about two bucks from their $ 8.49 price tag .
internet hoaxers have created fake starbucks coupons offering people of color one free drink following the arrests of two black men at a philadelphia store last week.according to buzzfeed news , one coupon originated in a thread on the forums at 4chan and offered one free beverage of any variety to " people of color only . " " we 're sorry . we know we can do better , " the fictional apology from the company read . " starbucks values all people of color , and we are working on employee sensitivity training . the best dialogue starts over a cup of coffee , and we 'd like to buy you one . " @starbucks fyi there ’s a fake starbucks coupon being distributed on 4chan you guys might want to get ahead of pic.twitter.com/tlaxjnoa6h— martin ross ( @themartinross ) april 17 , 2018 a second coupon appeared on twitter for people of " african-american heritage . " there 's a starbucks coupon for free coffee if you have " african american heritage " . even if it 's not real , i bet starbucks would honor it . pic.twitter.com/dsdzyvjtya— roosh ( @rooshv ) april 17 , 2018 however , a spokesperson for starbucks told buzzfeed news that the coupons are not legitimate and can not be used at any of their stores . “ these are completely false and in no way associated with starbucks , " the representative said.a false statement from the ceo of starbucks also made the rounds online . in the letter , kevin johnson was quoted as saying that a hoax offering one free drink to people of color was the work of " russian internet trolls , " but added that due to " mountains of positive feedback on social media , " he had decided to make the hoax a reality . @vibehi look what you did ... you made my week #hotep pic.twitter.com/3h5bgbdcpb— didshesaythat ( @sonniejohnson ) april 19 , 2018 according to this made-up coupon , from april 19 to 26 , all starbucks customers , regardless of race , could purchase one free drink and get 50 % off all food items . a representative for the company confirmed to nbc news , “ this is also completely false and in no way associated with starbucks . ” in reality , starbucks is actually making changes after facing heavy criticism for alleged racial bias . on april 12 , rashon nelson and donte robinson were visiting a local coffee shop for a business meeting , but within minutes were arrested for trespassing , which many critics said was solely due to color of their skin . they were released early friday morning after spending eight hours in jail , and footage of the incident immediately surfaced online.@starbucks the police were called because these men had n’t ordered anything . they were waiting for a friend to show up , who did as they were taken out in handcuffs for doing nothing . all the other white ppl are wondering why it ’s never happened to us when we do the same thing . pic.twitter.com/0u4pzs55ci— melissa depino ( @missydepino ) april 12 , 2018 " in that moment , i was trying to process what was going on , because it did n't really hit me that it was real until i 'm being double-locked and my hands behind my back , " robinson said on good morning america . " i want to make sure this situation does n't happen again . " the global coffee chain plans to shut down its u.s. stores for several hours on one day in may to conduct racial-bias training to its nearly 175,000 workers , the company announced tuesday.on april 14 , starbucks issued an official apology regarding the incident.we apologize to the two individuals and our customers for what took place at our philadelphia store on thursday . pic.twitter.com/suusytxhks— starbucks coffee ( @starbucks ) april 14 , 2018 " we apologize to the two individuals and our customers and are disappointed this led to an arrest . we take these matters seriously and clearly have more work to do when it comes to how we handle incidents in our stores , ” the company said in a statement posted on twitter.follow delish on instagram .
tech amazon today announced that amazon key , the service that already enables in-home delivery and keyless guest access , now gives customers an option to receive deliveries inside their vehicle . with amazon key in-car , prime members with compatible vehicles now have the convenience of having packages delivered inside their cars when parked in a publicly accessible area , typically at their home or workplace . in-car delivery is available at no extra cost for prime members and is available today in 37 cities and surrounding areas across the u.s. with more cities rolling out over time . delivery is available on tens of millions of items sold on amazon.com and works with same day , two-day and standard shipping . amazon gave a select number of customers from across the country early access to amazon key in-car ; view a video of them sharing their experience here : “ the in-car delivery option is another way amazon helps ensure that my order is delivered safely and conveniently . setup was super easy for my onstar-equipped car — i granted amazon key permission to open my car ’s trunk and the ability to relock my car when done , and that was it , ” said scott l. from miami , one of the amazon prime members who received early access to the service . “ i ca n’t wait to check my car ’s trunk to see what ’s delivered next ! ” to get started , customers download the amazon key app and then link their amazon account with their connected car service account . once setup is complete and the delivery location has been registered , customers can shop on amazon.com and select the “ in-car ” delivery option at checkout . on delivery day , the amazon key app lets customers check if they ’ve parked within range of the delivery location , and provides notifications with the expected 4-hour delivery time window . the app also notifies customers when the delivery is on its way , and the package has been delivered . customers can track when their car was unlocked and relocked in the app ’s activity feed , and rate their in-car delivery . “ since launching amazon key last november , we ’ve safely delivered everything from cameras to collectable coins inside the home . customers have also told us they love features like keyless guest access and being able to monitor their front door from anywhere with the amazon key app , ” said peter larsen , vice president of delivery technology , amazon . “ in-car delivery gives customers that same peace of mind and allows them to take the amazon experience with them . and , with no additional hardware or devices required , customers can start ordering in-car delivery today . ” in-car delivery is available to customers with a compatible 2015 or newer chevrolet , buick , gmc or cadillac vehicle with an active onstar account , and customers with a 2015 or newer volvo vehicle with an active volvo on call account . support for even more vehicle makes and models will be added over time . “ unlocking amazon key in-car delivery for more than 7 million chevrolet , buick , gmc and cadillac owners is another great example of how we are leveraging the embedded connectivity in our vehicles to provide our customers with services that make their ownership experience more valuable , ” said alan batey , president , general motors north america . amazon uses multiple layers of verification to ensure the security of in-car deliveries . each time a delivery driver requests access to a customer ’s vehicle , amazon verifies that an authorized driver is at the right location with the right package , through an encrypted authentication process . once this process is successfully completed , the car is then unlocked . customers receive a notification via the amazon key app after the delivery is completed and the vehicle is relocked . no special codes or keys are ever provided to delivery drivers . for added peace of mind , in-car delivery is backed by amazon ’s happiness guarantee . “ simplification of experience for our consumers is central to volvo ’s digital vision . receiving a package securely and reliably in your car , without you having to be there , is something we think many people will appreciate . our partnership with amazon now makes this possible for a majority of our customers in the us , ” said atif rafiq , chief digital officer at volvo cars . “ this intersection between transportation and commerce could very well be the next wave of innovation , and we intend to be at the forefront . ” in addition to enabling in-car delivery , amazon key is a smart entry solution that offers customers keyless entry , remote lock and unlock , and guest access , as well as the option to have packages delivered inside the home . to check eligibility and to sign up for amazon key in-car , visit www.amazon.com/keyincar . related topics : amazon , amazon key in-car
verelife.comin the congregation , we can learn from our brothers and sisters and help one another to stay faithful . romans 1 : 11 . i long to see you so that i may impart to you some spiritual gift to make you strongromans 1 : 12 . that is , that you and i may be mutually encouraged by each other 's faith.we need to be careful about whom we choose to be our close friends . we have a wonderful variety of brothers and sisters from many cultures and backgrounds . some are new to the congregation , while others have been serving jehovah for many years . it takes time for a person ’s relationship with jehovah to grow , just as it takes time for fruit to ripen . so we need to show patience and love to one another and always choose our friends wisely . romans 14 : 1 . accept him whose faith is weak , without passing judgment on disputable matters.romans 15 : 1 . we who are strong ought to bear with the failings of the weak and not to please ourselves.hebrews 5 : 12 . in fact , though by this time you ought to be teachers , you need someone to teach you the elementary truths of god 's word all over again . you need milk , not solid food!hebrews 5 : 13 . anyone who lives on milk , being still an infant , is not acquainted with the teaching about righteousness.hebrews 5 : 14 . but solid food is for the mature , who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil.verelife.com
verelife.comwe love our brothers and sisters and want to get along with them . we all make mistakes , but love will help us to keep “ forgiving one another freely . ” proverbs 17 : 9 . he who covers over an offense promotes love , but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends.colossians 3 : 13 . bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another . forgive as the lord forgave you.love will stop us from turning a small misunderstanding into a huge problem . true , when someone has upset us , it can be difficult to stop thinking about it . it is easy to become angry and hold a grudge against that person . but this will only make us unhappy and bitter . on the other hand , when we forgive someone who offended us , we can have peace of mind , unity in the congregation and , most important , a good relationship . matthew 6 : 14 . ' for if you forgive men when they sin against you , your heavenly father will also forgive you.luke 17 : 3 . so watch yourselves . " if your brother sins , rebuke him , and if he repents , forgive him.luke 17 : 4 . if he sins against you seven times in a day , and seven times comes back to you and says , ` i repent , ' forgive him . " romans 14 : 19 . let us therefore make every effort to do what leads to peace and to mutual edification.verelife.com
two weeks ago , khloé kardashian 's life changed in several big ways all at once . first , videos surfaced that appeared to show khloé 's boyfriend ( and the father of her then-unborn baby ) cheating on her multiple times with multiple women over the course of her pregnancy . days later , khloé gave birth to her daughter , true thompson . that is a lot to deal with , even for a used-to-the-spotlight pro like khloé . since then , the burning question for everyone who feels invested in this story has been : what will khloé do next ? while some reports had her planning to stay in cleveland with tristan , others had her buying thousands of dollars worth of baby travel gear — which may have hinted at an impending move . yesterday , khloé posted a cryptic message about happiness that many fans took as a hint that she plans to stay in ohio after all . sources close to khloé say she is definitely not in denial about the situation though , whatever choice she makes . " she 's not in a bubble of denial , " a source told et online . " she knows what 's going on and is still trying to process it , but so far , she 's managed to move past it and look forward . " even though she is n't in denial , it also sounds like khloé is sick of hearing more bad news at the moment . " if a friend tells khloé that they heard about another cheating story , they risk being cut off by her , " the source said . " she 's stuck by her man in the past , so it does n't even seem worth it to fill her in on all the details . " the source added that khloé feels " very settled " in cleveland and has no immediate plans to move . that could change , of course , as khloé continues to process the whole ordeal .
let ’s be real , humans are completely fascinated with animals ; these irresistible creatures can keep us captivated for hours at a time . we capture their actions on videos and every-so-often we take photos when they do randomly funny things . whether it ’s a cute kitten , man ’s best friend or animals we can only observe from afar , it ’s fair to say that we ca n’t get enough of them . luckily , you do n’t have to because here are 20 photogenic animals posing for the camera.british bunnyin my mind , this sophisticated bunny has a british accent , and likes to sip tea from a tiny cup!model geckoif they had a lizard version of top model , i think this gecko would definitely make the top 10 . shady catwho ’s the coolest cat in the building ? is n’t it obvious?pony ridewhat ’s cooler than a dog riding a pony ? well , a dog posing for the camera while riding a pony , duh!trendy snaketop-hats are all the rage right now , so this snake is totally on trend!celebrity gorillacelebrities know how annoying paparazzi can be , and this gorilla is clearly not a fan.horse triowhen 3 best friends get together , a mini photo-shoot is a must!graceful birdseriously , i ’m holding this pose for three more seconds , then i ’m done!acrobatic frogand the award for the most acrobatic toad on the block goes to … . . this guy!body builder kangarooi ’m guessing this buffed up kangaroo works out 7 days a week ; i mean , look at those arms .
people love to dress their pets up in costumes . normally the pets either tolerate it , or downright hate it . here are some of the cutest , craziest and funniest cats in costumes you ’ve ever seen . while halloween is not even close , there are still people in their home right now dressing their pets up , for no other reason than to simply amuse themselves.if you dress your cat in a costume , shame on you . if you must though , you should take pictures of them and post them online so they can end up in lists like this one and make everyone laugh!move over batman , here ’s batcatno need to dress your cat up as the superhero when it can look super cute dressed as a simple little bat . while this may be the cutest thing ever , keep looking for some cats that will make you laugh out loud.superman was never that “ fluffy ” this cat should do some weight lifting before he puts on clark kent ’s tights and cape again!cats of anarchywho needs biker gangs when you can have a cool cat like this one . he ’s either too cool to look at the camera or he ’s busy plotting revenge.jack ate the sparrowif you ’re a pirate fan then you ’ll definitely want to dress your cat up with dreadlocks and give him that wide eyed jack sparrow look . just do n’t give him any rum.is that a rabbit?confuse your cat by making it think that it is its own prey . this particular cat looks less than thrilled to be wearing an extra set of ears.cat dognope , not the cartoon with the cat head on one end and the dog head on the other . this is a cat elegantly dressed as a hot dog . he either looks like he ’s posing or plotting , what do you think?king of the junglethis cat makes a great lion , and he knows it . if you want to dress your cat up on any given day , this is a good choice in costumes . make him feel larger than life!boiled cat for dinnermove over lobster , cat is on this menu . this cat even looks like someone just turned the stove top on.rodeo catpretty sure if there was a real mouse riding on this cats back he would be doing a lot more than just jumping.bee-ware ! this frightening bee is buzzing around the flowers and it just may want to scratch , or sting , your eyes out for dressing it up in this costume !
most pet owners are guilty of spoiling their little furry friends , but there are some who take the idea of a pet and owner companionship to a whole new level . it starts with slipping them table scraps , and ends with letting them in bed and dressing them like mini children . the following pets are those who have fallen victim to the human tradition of halloween , at the hands of their loving owners . though we feel for these poor animals , their humiliation is hilarious.taco bellyo quiero taco bell ? this dog obviously does not.banana dogis it just us , or are corgis always happy ? this one is wearing a banana costume , and still has no complaints . maybe he knows how adorable he is.thug kittythe missing star from upcoming film “ straight outta compton ” . duck facea cat forced to wear a duck ’s face is way more amusing than all of the teen selfies.mickey mousethis cat , who is probably named oreo , does not look very excited about becoming the face of “ the happiest place on earth ” . elvis presleycatch him every night roaming the streets of vegas , talking in a bad accent , and asking for money.the truththis one takes dog shaming to a whole new level , the poor guy.antoine dodsonno , it ’s not actually the guy from the meme , although it looks just like him . take a closer look , we promise.the incredible hulkif only bruce banner could learn to keep “ the other guy ” on a leash all of the time.hot dog catlook at that face . does it look happy to you ? the answer is no .
the loyalty of the animals seems to have no end . this is demonstrated by stories like the one we want to tell you today . meet an abandoned kitten who for a year has been going every day to the same place where his owners left when they moved out of the house.it 's sad to hear stories like this . even so , we believe that they can help raise awareness among those who think about abandoning an animal.the story of the abandoned kitten in russiamany compare it with stories of animals that have been in the tombs of their owners for years . the truth is that this reality is more cruel , because the abandonment has been voluntary and not forced.this cat was seen running behind the car of its owners in russia when they decided to move house and leave the animal alone and to their fate in the neighborhood in which they had lived all their lives.despite his career , the family ignored his silent pleas and left the poor kitten abandoned . in spite of everything , his hopes did not falter and he hoped that his family , those for whom he would have been willing to give his life , would seek him again ... but that never happened.that 's why the neighbors have seen how this abandoned kitten has gone day after day to the same place waiting for its owners to return . the neighbors have fed it . this is a sign of human kindness , contrary to the evil of the owners of the animal.the abandoned kitten tells us how he feltit is winter , it is very cold where we live , but i do not know why , my owner has insisted that we go out . they have always been very good to me . i have to be grateful obeying and fulfilling your wishes.therefore , i go out . it seems that they put boxes in the car , it is nothing new to me , they have been doing it for several days . this place is ugly , there are many cars . i like it better when they take me where there are trees and children playing , but what more can i ask than to have someone who loves me?i see how everyone climbs in the car , wait , where do they go ? i have to follow them ! eyyy no , do not leave without me . maybe they have not realized that i 'm here , maybe they just went to take some things somewhere and come back.yes , that must be . i will sit here to wait for you . it seems that they do not come ... it 's getting dark , i 'd better take a nap.and my family … ? wow , the sun rises and there is no trace of my family . i 'm hungry , what could i eat ? i 'll go around it seems that something smells somewhere . it does not smell very good , but i imagine it will be better than going hungry . it 's cold , i 'm hungry and there 's a lot of dirt around here , how i 'd like to be at home!i miss my bed and my blanket , the one that warmed me on cold days like this . maybe my family will arrive soon . in the meantime i 'll go around here so they can see me when they come back.it seems that today they will not return either , perhaps they have entertained themselves with something , i will continue here in case tomorrow they appear ... i 've been here for many days , all the neighbors have become my friends . they feed me and that is more than enough for me , but i would like it so much that my family will remember that i am here , waiting for them , because i have never stopped loving them and if some day they decide to return , i will continue here , wishing to see them.the abandonment affects the animals in a very negative way , because they are abandoned to their fate , unable to feed themselves , cover themselves , drink or keep clean . in addition , dangers can stalk them , and you know what ? he would never do it , why should you do it ?
animals are truly fascinating and that ’s why we love them , but apparently they think we are pretty interesting too as they seem to have adapted many of our traits and actions — good and bad . watering your plant , reading a book or giving someone the middle finger seems totally normal to us humans , but when animals are caught doing these actions it is nothing short of funny and entertaining . take a look at these hilarious animals behaving like humans.dog in a bikinii think we ’re all over the ‘ bikini car wash ’ phase , but this canine is n’t . hey , better late than never i suppose.cat changing a lightbulbhow many humans does it take to change a light-bulb ? just one plus a cat!skateboaring owlwhy would you waste energy flying when you can be a total rebel and use a skateboard instead!cat at the spathis cat clearly had a rough week , but now it ’s time for some well needed rest and relaxation : spa day!hamster watering the plantthis little hamster clearly has a green thumb . it may be a very tiny green thumb but it ’s a green thumb nevertheless.dog doing hairwhile his friends are at the dog-park chasing their tails , this ambitious dog is trying to make something of himself!dog reading his emailsitting in front of a computer for endless hours can do a number on your eyes , just ask this spectacle-wearing dog.squirrel photographerokay guys get into position , the timer goes off in 3 … .2 … .1 “ say acorn ! ” dog using tractorthis dog is definitely pulling his weight on the farm — actually he seems to be pulling more than his weight . he certainly deserves a tasty treat tonight.hugging horsei promise you everything will be okay jenny ; now give me a big horse hug and head on back to class !
making more money is a great thing . but sometimes finding a better-paid job is not an option , even if it is temporarily . that does n't mean that we can not save more than we normally do . by incorporating this simple trick into your everyday life , you 'll be able to save more money and much faster . it will require some discipline and a little bit of sacrifice , but it 's easier than it sounds . and this is what you should do every night before going to bed . there are two categories you 'll need to update every night , cash and bank card . so let 's assume that by the end of the day , you have $ 287 in cash and $ 1556 on your card . you should simply subtract the last digits from both categories , making them end in zero . that way $ 287 will now be $ 280 in your wallet , and those extra $ 7 will now be your savings . do the same thing with your card . some days you 'll save $ 2 from both categories , some days you 'll save about $ 18 per day . if you can go one step further , you can do the same thing with the last two digits , instead of just one . but have in mind that some days you could be having up to $ 99 to zero out . that 's impossible for most people . and those who can afford it do n't even need this trick for saving money . instead , you can go up to $ 15 or whatever feels right . so let 's assume you have $ 113 in your wallet , you can go two ways . the first option is to save $ 3 , leaving $ 110 in your wallet , or you can save $ 13 , because your two-digits limit is $ 15 . open a savings account and transfer everything that you saved from both categories . that way you wo n't be tempted to spend it . it 's easier to save money one day at the time . it 's s much easier than it sounds and it only takes a couple of minutes to do it . this routine will also do wonders for your discipline . try it and see how much you 'll save in just one month .
check your attitude toward yourself . remind yourself that your concerns and interests matter and that it does n’t help to bottle them up until they feel overwhelming . take time to reflect on your thoughts , feelings , and wants related to the issue , whatever it is . make a commitment to share them with your partner at the first reasonable opportunity.check your attitude toward your partner . remind yourself that your partner ’s concerns and interests matter too . this will help you to listen for understanding when they share their thoughts , feelings , and wants related to the issue and when they respond to you.check your egos . remember that each of you has a point of view , not a corner on the truth . open yourself to your partner ’s perspective , allowing for the possibility that your partner has an angle on the issue you had n’t thought of . acknowledge and summarize your partner ’s point of view so that they know you ’re taking them seriously . check your words . make a commitment to speak for self . use self-disclosing “ i ” statements rather than accusing “ you ” statements . eliminate attack statements and name-calling from your vocabulary.check your goals . what ’s more important to you , that you win or that your relationship wins ? in a couple relationship , if one wins and the other loses , both actually lose . getting your way does n’t work if it leaves your partner unhappy . look for solutions that take both of you seriously .
in our years of working with couples , we ’ve seen three major happiness saboteurs over and over again . think of these as the three big do n’ts of marriage : blaming : spouses have been casting blame on one another since adam blamed eve and eve blamed the serpent . when you blame your spouse , what you ’re really doing is trying to dodge responsibility for your own unhappiness by placing it on him or her . and when your spouse ( predictably ) reacts angrily to your accusation , that sparks a cycle of anger , blame , and more anger.feeling sorry for yourself : when you wallow in self-pity , it can eventually consume your life . complaining becomes your primary form of communication with one another , and eventually with your friends and family . spouses who feel sorry for themselves make their spouses miserable , and self-pitying couples make their friends and families miserable . your marriage ca n’t be happy if you ’re stuck in self-pity . resenting your spouse : it ’s normal to feel pain , anger , and disappointment when you ’re treated unfairly , especially by your spouse . but brooding and holding onto those negative emotions will eventually create resentment . and when you allow resentment to thrive , it grows under the surface of your marriage like cancer.if any of these issues has already become rooted firmly in your life , you may need to seek professional counseling in order to change your patterns . it will take some time , healing , and hard work to change track , but it will be worth it . keep your marriage free of blame , self-pity , and resentment , and you ’re well on your way to lifelong happiness .
the rapper meek mill said in a statement , “ although i ’m blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , i understand that many people of color across the country do n’t have that luxury and i plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . ” meek mill , the philadelphia rapper whose incarceration on a decade-old drug and guns conviction set off a wave of protests from his fans and supporters , was granted bail on tuesday after the pennsylvania supreme court ordered his release . “ as we have said all along , meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail , ” his lawyer , joe tacopina , said in a statement.meek mill , whose given name is robert rahmeek williams , had been incarcerated in a state prison in chester , pa . he was convicted in 2008 on charges related to the possession of drugs and guns , serving eight months in prison before being placed on probation for five years , a period that has been extended several times.in november , judge genece e. brinkley sentenced him to two to four years in prison for parole violations , including two arrests , one of which was on a reckless driving charge while shooting a music video in new york.but in a hearing last week , prosecutors said his conviction should be vacated because of questions about the credibility of his arresting officer . “ although i ’m blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , i understand that many people of color across the country do n’t have that luxury and i plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues , ” meek mill said in a statement . “ in the meantime , i plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . ” his supporters consider his case a symbol of a flawed criminal justice system . in november , jay-z wrote in an op-ed for the new york times that meek mill was an example of a system that “ entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day . ”“ for about a decade , he ’s been stalked by a system that considers the slightest infraction a justification for locking him back inside , ” he wrote.an outspoken philadelphia 76ers fan , meek mill was released from prison early tuesday evening , in time to attend a playoff game in philadelphia.the team has a notable local figure ring a ceremonial bell before each game . on tuesday night , meek mill , sporting a joel embiid jersey , performed that task — to rousing applause .
not so long ago in the media there was information that vanessa parady is married to the director samuel benshetri . however , today this is not discussed in the network , but the blossoming view of paradis . and the reason , internet users are sure , is exactly in her boyfriend.parady and benshetri this afternoon joined the guests of the opening of the festival of french cinema colcoa , which will last in los angeles until the end of may . as reporters say , 45-year-old vanessa and 44-year-old samuel looked very happy - they were constantly hugging , not hiding their feelings from each other.this relationship made her blossom again , - comment on the network fresh photos of the singer and actress.vanessa parady and samuel benshetri , we recall , met in 2016 on the set of the film " the dog " . they say that the director fell in love with the actress without memory , and she answered him in kind . soon the couple began to appear at official events , not commenting , but also not hiding their relationship.the celebrity wedding , according to the western press , will take place on july 19 on the island of ile de re ( located in the atlantic ocean off the west coast of france ) . for paradis , this marriage will be the first : previously vanessa lived for 14 years with a civil marriage with johnny depp , from whom she gave birth to the daughter of lily rose and jack 's son . samuel benshetri is quite popular in france due to his scripts and films . so , the film director " asphalt " received good reviews at the festival in cannes last year and an honorable " cesar " award for the best adapted script .
ahead of hosting president emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte tonight for their first official state dinner , president donald trump and first lady melania gave a traditional state arrival ceremony on the south lawn of the white house.for the occasion , flotus wore an all-white michael kors collection crepe blazer and skirt suit ensemble , topping off the look with a matching , wide-brimmed hat designed by her personal stylist hervé pierre . and while her directional chapeau has become quite the conversation piece on twitter , likened to beyoncé in her " formation " music video and jude law 's turn as the young pope among other cultural touchstones , it 's her polished , color-coordinated french manicure , perhaps worn in honor of the french family 's first visit , that 's been thrust into the spotlight on the heels of that awkward hand-holding moment.in a new video making the rounds on the internet , melania 's immaculate , oval-shaped talons — accented by a sheer , pink tinged base and delicate white tips — are front row and center as her husband reaches to grasp her hand , is painfully rebuffed , and then tries once more , before she eventually gives in . it 's certainly not the first time melania has stoically rejected his public displays of affection ( most infamously , she swatted his hand away on a tarmac in tel aviv ) , but between her striking millenary moment and her classic all-business manicure , she 's evoking more self-assurance now than ever before .
melania trump is not a fan of pda . she has been caught swatting her husband ’s hand away several times , and today , standing straight in a crisp , white michael kors suit and a 10-gallon hervé pierre hat , she rebuffed his advances once again . during a photo op with the french president and first lady emmanuel and brigitte macron , a sly cameraman zoomed in and captured mrs. trump refusing to reciprocate the hand-holding her husband so clearly wanted . suffice to say , it got awkward . memes , of course , were made ( e.g. a side-by-side comparison of melania and beyoncé in the formation video ) . flotus ’s refusal to give in to the typical lovey dovey political gesture is apparent not only in her stiff posture , but also in her protective wardrobe choices.take today ’s wide brim hat , for instance . mrs. trump wore it dipped down low to cover the top of her brow , just enough to shield herself , perhaps , from the gaze of the president . at the inauguration last year , the first lady teleported herself back in time to the late 1950s by wearing a tiffany blue high-neck jacket and dress with matching opera gloves ; no hand holding attempts can be made gracefully with those suckers on . then there are all of the oversize and reflective sunglasses she loves to wear on the white house lawn , plus the giant handbags that can be used as protective barriers or weapons against potus , should he really step out of line . mrs. trump loves a safeguarding cape , too , one of which she wore today during the day out with the macrons . she clearly loves fashion , even when she ’s channeling the bubble boy . but it ’s almost as if the first lady ’s fashion choices are making a different kind of statement : “ you can look , but do n’t touch . ” with a husband who has been known to have a wandering eye — and hand — who can blame her ?
if there were chemical weapons on the targets fired at the united states and its allies in syria , tens of thousands of people would be killed . this was stated by the chief of the main operations directorate of the general staff of the rf armed forces , colonel-general sergei rudskoy.two " tomahawk " and an airship were delivered from syria to moscow to studyhe said that he was surprised by the choice of goals , he does not understand the logic of the military-political leadership of the united states , britain and france . - if , in their opinion , they actually had stocks of poisonous substances , then when striking with cruise missiles large foci of contamination of the terrain could arise . and in the case of damascus , tens of thousands of people would inevitably perish , " rudsky quotes tass.rudskoy stressed that the facilities were not used to store chemical weapons - this is confirmed by the samples taken there after the shelling.recall , on april 14 , the united states , together with great britain and france , struck a missile strike on the military and civil infrastructure facilities of the syrian arab republic . more than 100 cruise missiles and air-to-surface missiles were fired , much of which was shot down by syrian air defense means on approach to targets .
1 chicken breast ( fillet ) 200 g spaghetti 3 eggs 100 ml milk 3-4 slices of any smoked cobs slightly grated cheese vegetable oil flour for the form salt , seasoning for chicken , white pepper chicken breast grate with salt and seasoning and leave in the fridge to marinate on 2 - 3 hours , and it is possible and at night . marinated fillet cut into not very small pieces across the fibers and put on a heated frying pan with vegetable oil . fry on all sides for 4-5 minutes.spaghetti cook until cooked in water with the addition of salt and vegetable oil ( this will prevent the spaghetti from sticking together and do not need to be washed ) , thrown in a colander . in the bowl , beat eggs with milk , salt and white pepper . very finely chop the smoked sausage . form the baking grease with oil , sprinkle with flour and put half the spaghetti , then the entire prepared chicken , and on top of the second part of the spaghetti.spread the cut sausage , and evenly pour the egg-and-milk mixture . top with a little cheese.now we remove in the oven for an average temperature of 15-20 minutes .
who does not know meatballs ? food made from a mixture of ground beef and tapioca flour is indeed very popular among the people of indonesia . almost in every place we can meet this type of food , ranging from peddlers street vendors to restaurants.when you hear meatballs , surely what comes to mind is a process that is formed round . but make no mistake , this time the form of meatballs have many kinds you know even somewhat unique and strange.like the creation of the following meatballs have a unique shape , curious as what ? the following are summarized about the meatballs with strange shapes .1 . crocodile meatballs . { " width " : 599 , " web_uri " : " 005ae053056680a7d5c6 " , " height " : 598 , " description " : " photo : instagram / @ myhani_r " } recently the people of indonesia again surprised by a new variant of meatballs called crocodile meatballs . as the name implies , this form of meatball does look like a tiny crocodile . uniquely again this crocodile meatball in there is a small meatball you know as if an alligator eggs ! some round meatball grains have been pinned in the ' stomach ' as a complement . meatball with the original name of joko kendil meatballs are sold in the area of bade lor , district plumbon , cirebon .2 . meatballs barbel . { " width " : 1000 , " web_uri " : " 005ae054858880921ff6 " , " height " : 996 , " description " : " photo : instagram / @ agunghercules88 " } meatball this one has an unusual shape and perhaps the first time , which is shaped barbell . warung bakso barbel is located in the area of bandung and jakarta . apparently this meatball stall is courtesy of agung hercules . not only the baksonya , bowls , spoon , glass to seat in this place also shaped barbell .3 . flat meatballs . { " width " : 696 , " web_uri " : " 005ae054eb800096a9f6 " , " height " : 444 , " description " : " photo : inspiratorfreak.com " } meatball flattened , as the name suggests this form of meatball made flat aka flattened . one of the famous meatball stalls with a menu of meatball sprouts is in rawamangun , pulo gadung , east jakarta .4 . box meatballs . { " width " : 960 , " web_uri " : " 005ae055a48300a5cc27 " , " height " : 540 , " description " : " photo : facebook miebaksokotak60 " } another variation of meatball is box meatball . yup , the meatball is square . one of the famous meatball stalls with this box meatball menu is the noodle &amp; box meatballs 60 stalls at street basuki rahmat pengajaran , lampung .5 . meatballs love . { " width " : 496 , " web_uri " : " 005ae0573e9980a4f2be " , " height " : 427 , " description " : " photo : juraganbaksoenak.blogspot.com " } as the name implies , meatball love is shaped heart symbol . had hits , now has a lot of meatball stalls that offer this unique menu . among them are in kuningan , jakarta , kartasura sukoharjo central java , and sario manado .6 . meatball mountain . { " width " : 1000 , " web_uri " : " 005ae0578f97c094f35b " , " height " : 995 , " description " : " photo : instagram / @ jktfooddestination " } meatballs with other unique shape is the mountain meatballs . this conical-shaped meatball is like a towering mountain . warung meatballs that offer this mountain shape meatball is in front of rowoyoso field pekalongan . " apologize if there is a mistake in writing "
as if 2018 was n't enough like a black mirror episode already . people living in croyden , a suburb of london , received letters informing them that black mirror was going to be filming in their area . the set dressing appears to have taken croydon back to the 1980s , complete with wimpy burger and an old-timey whsmiths . there also appears to be a title for the episode , " bandersnatch . " " bandersnatch " is a reference to a creature which appears in the lewis caroll poem " the hunting of the snark . " just how this beast will appear in dystopian-tech form remains to be seen .
being a referee ca n't be an easy job . if you do it absolutely perfect , the best reaction you 're probably going to get is mild indifference . but if you make a mistake , you 'd better believe people are going to pick you up on it . oh , and if you acknowledge the mistake you may end up drawing even more attention to yourself . the man vehemently apologising in the video above is bobby madley . he refereed the premier league match between everton and newcastle on tuesday night , during which he apparently missed a handball decision and did n't give a penalty . guys , he 's said he 's sorry . after that clip of him apologising went viral on tuesday night , madley is now rapidly entering meme territory . well , hey — it 's not every referee who can say they now have a place in reaction meme history .
for the next few months , north shore hellman koa rothman will be dropping raw , docu-style edits on youtube . rather than showcasing his inimitable style and his unparalleled ability to slot himself in massive caverns with a high-action surf reel , rothman ’s decided to make these clips a little more intimate and behind-the-scenes . of course there will be a little bit of surfing , but the goal , he tells us , is to give people an inside look at what transpires in the daily life of a traveling surfer . throughout the rest of summer , rothman will be jet-setting across the globe in search of waves and be recording everything in the process , letting viewers get an inside look at all the good , the bad , and the ugly that unfolds while on the road . the first episode of “ this is livin ' ” dropped this morning , and features rothman spending a few days around his home on the north shore . before he packs his board bags and starts his summer strike missions , we called up rothman to get a little more insight into the forthcoming series . what made you want to focus on the behind-the-scenes instead of making just a high-action series?i think surfing reels and edits target such a small audience and i 'd like to target everybody-even the people who hear about surfing and the lifestyle but do n't really care to watch surfing . it 'll be everything from the traveling to chasing swells to talking shit with friends . even the partying or whatever happens on the trip . we 'll be showing how stressful traveling actually gets -- like not scoring , not having the right board or someone not making their flight . just stuff that happens everyday for us that i think is actually entertaining . i think we 're going to premiere a little short 10 to 15-minute film at the end of the year . we 'll see how it goes -- nothing is set in stone . what percentage of the year would you say you 're on the road?i travel about 6 to 7 months out of the year just chasing swells and coming home when i can . this summer i really want to score japan , fiji , indo , namibia and tahiti whenever it gets good . so in the opening scene of this first episode , it looks like you 've got a good amount of boards in the background -- what does your normal traveling quiver look like?if i was going to indo i would probably bring nothing by shortboards , but if we 're going to tahiti for a solid paddle swell i 'd bring a couple 6 ' 6 " s , a 6 ' 3 " and a shortboard . if we were going to a big wave we 'll bring our 10 ’ 0 ″ s. no foils?maybe a foil . it 's really fun once you get the hang of it . i ’m actually going out with john [ florence ] right now to foil . it 's as windy as north shore gets so we ’re going like 2 miles out to sea and are going to tow into wind chops . you ride for pyzel . how 's your relationship with him?he 's my neighbor so i see him pretty much every day . i imagine it ’s nice having a good relationship with your shaper when going on strike missions and needing to trust what 's under your feet without having to deliberate too long over what boards to bring.i 'm so comfortable on his boards-especially his bigger ones in tahiti and at pipe-i can just feel them and know that they 'll be good . if i pick up a different board that i 'm not comfortable with , i do n't have that same confidence that i would have if i had my go-to 6 ' 6 " . good boards are really important . it also looks like you scored a fun pipe session-when was that?it was the other day ! it was really random because it ’s super late for pipe to be working like that . i just surfed pipe today actually . i got a little barrel . it 's making it really hard to leave home at this point [ laughs ] .
after 18 years , microsoft ’s senior director of marketing for xbox albert penello has left the company . panello made the announcement via twitter yesterday , calling his time at the microsoft a “ once in a lifetime experience . ” penello was the driving force behind microsoft ’s marketing plans for the xbox , xbox 360 , and kinect . his most recent role at the company was leading the strategic marketing and planning for every xbox device . dozens of people wished penello well on twitter , including microsoft ’s executive vice president phil spencer . penello also posted a longer goodbye message on facebook , which can be viewed below . “ well , it ’s hard to believe i ’m posting this , but after almost 18 years i made the decision to leave microsoft . there are n’t the words to describe how much xbox has meant to me , but even more important are all the amazing people i got to work with . i ’m going to miss seeing these people every day , and there will never be another time in my career as monumental as what i got to be a part of . but – it ’s time for a change . time to learn new things and challenge myself again . i ’m excited about my new opportunity and i ’ll be talking more about that soon . in the meantime , i ’m going to take a few weeks off to recharge before i start the new job , and reflect a lot on the amazing time i ’ve had at xbox . ” source
the indian air force flew as many as 11,000 sorties during the just-concluded massive gaganshakti exercise , which saw the force testing its war-fighting drills on both the western front with pakistan and northern one with china , with even cbrn ( chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear ) attack scenarios coming into play.according to an officer , " of the 11,000 sorties during the pan-india exercise from april 8-22 , around 9,000 were of fighters like sukhoi-30mkis , mirage-2000s , jaguars , mig-29s , mig-21s , mig-27s , tejas and the hawk advanced jet trainers ( in a combat support role ) . " the officer further added , " tejas was able to match other fighters with six sorties each day . overall , we ensured 80 % serviceability ( operational availability ) of different aircraft during the exercise , with 97 % for radars and missile systems . during actual war , we would also take calculated risks to generate even more sorties . " the aim of the exercise , which also witnessed activation of civil airfields , was to validate the iaf 's full spectrum capability , with real-time coordination , deployment , and employment of air power in a short and intense battle scenario .
for teenagers in the european union , whatsapp is about to change in a big way . the facebook-owned messaging app is raising its age limit from 13 to 16 in europe to meet the new european general data protection regulation ( gdpr ) law , which comes in to force on may 25 . according to the app 's new terms of service , whatsapp will ask users to confirm they are 16 or over when asked to agree to new terms of service and a privacy policy , which will be sent out in " the next few weeks . " if you live in a country in the european region , you must be at least 16 years old to use our services or such greater age required in your country to register for or use our services . if you live in any other country except those in the european region , you must be at least 13 years old to use our services or such greater age required in your country to register for or use our services . in addition to being of the minimum required age to use our services under applicable law , if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our terms in your country , your parent or guardian must agree to our terms on your behalf . it 's not currently known how whatsapp will enforce or even verify its new age limit . mashable reached out to whatsapp for clarification but did n't hear back immediately . teenagers elsewhere in the world need n't fret : the app is said to be keeping its age limit at 13 outside the eu . in one month , the eu will introduce strict personal data protections , which will restrict how tech companies collect and use your data . these new rules will also ensure that tech companies inform users exactly what they 're getting up to . facebook wo n't be mirroring whatsapp 's new minimum age policy , though . it plans to ask under-16s to nominate a parent or guardian who can grant permission for them to share information on the app . if they do n't follow this step , they wo n't have access to a " fully personalised " version of facebook .
a baby boy has escaped unscathed after he fell out of his parents ’ van in eastern china when one of its doors swung open following a sharp turn . the incident involving the 11-month-old child was caught on surveillance camera in changzhou in jiangsu province after the van had swerved sharply to get into lane , anhui television station reported . the baby is seen in the footage falling from the van and rolling into the centre of the road . his parents were unaware of what had happened and carried on driving . other motorists and passers-by spotted the child and within seconds brought him to safety , according to the report . the child ’s parents only realised their baby was gone when they stopped at traffic lights and the mother ran back in search of the baby . the boy was later returned , uninjured , to his parents . similar incidents have happened across china as there is no national law requiring car seats for babies or banning young children from sitting in the front passenger seat . a child was caught on surveillance camera falling out of a car from a passenger seat two years ago in chengdu in sichuan province . the youngster was not injured . a one-year-old baby boy was killed after he was thrown from a car during a road accident in yangzhou in jiangsu province in 2013 .
shalom brothers and sisters . today is wednesday , april 25 , 2018 . today ’s bible verse : luke 21:34-36verse text : [ luke 21:34-36 kjv ] 34 and take heed to yourselves , lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting , and drunkenness , and cares of this life , and [ so ] that day come upon you unawares . 35 for as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth . 36 watch ye therefore , and pray always , that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass , and to stand before the son of man.surfeiting is the giddiness and headache caused by drinking wine to excess . notice who the day of our master and savior ’s return sneaks up on ; those not paying attention and not doing our father ’s will . my prayers always include being accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass , and to stand before the son of man . yours should as well.we were told to hold until relieved . we need to know when we are relieved , and we know that by watching . when we see the man of sin revealed , and we will know who he is beyond the shadow of doubt , then the end has come and we can rejoice.i hope this has been a blessing to you . may the rest of your day be blessed . shalom .
[ image id = ' 6e474d4f-3160-4c36-a291-dadae29152b0 ' mediaid = ' 115ecb05-9385-4d58-a78e-ee0c6ddc5ce2 ' align = ' center ' size = ' medium ' share = ' true ' caption = '' expand = '' crop = ' original ' ] [ / image ] welcome to today 's deals . we 're devoting today to a massive board sale going over at amazon , many of which are on our 50 best board games list . there are more games than you could shake a twenty-sided die at , here 's how to cut through to declare victory at your next hang out.terraforming mars : set in the 2400s , you play as one of several companies working to make the red planet livable for all of mankind . a cooperative , competitive game with over 230 cards and 80 tiles , every game will result in a different fate for mars . it 's got 4.5 stars out of 200 reviews and is going for $ 35 , down from $ 70 . [ editoriallinks id = ' a6208c13-26ee-4e5a-a6ea-491c0ea9bb13 ' ] [ / editoriallinks ] 7 wonders : one of the best board games ever made , 7 wonders pits you against friends as you try to build the most wondrous civilization the world has ever seen . usually this game goes for $ 50 , but right now it 's only $ 28 . a wonderful thing , indeed.quantum : every player is a fleet commander from one of humanity 's four factions , all trying to carve out a sector of space . you 're tying to built gigantic planetary energy extractors known as quantum cubes through fleet expansion , new abilities and even using a little quantum energy yourself . a strategy game through and through , no game will play through the same way . it 's got 4.7 stars out of 38 reviews and is going for $ 34 , down from $ 56 . scythe : an engine-building game set within an alternate-history 1920s , players start with different resources and hidden agendas while trying to take over land controlled by a mysterious factory . while there 's plenty of choice-driven combat between players , there 's no outright elimination so everyone can keep on through to the end . it 's got 4.6 stars out of over 200 reviews and is going for $ 56 , down from $ 80 .
it 's that time of year again , time for seniors to dust off their thesauruses and come up with the most clever yearbook quotes they can . seniors from far and wide spend hours thinking of a yearbook quote good enough for people to remember them for years to come . some have succeeded . some have not . in the spirit of graduation , let 's take a journey through a variety of past yearbook quotes , and look at some of the most hilarious and memorable ones that seniors had to offer . i just wish i was savvy enough to think of these when i was graduating high school . the ones who call out their parents : i bet the parents loved these . image : boredpandaimage : boredpandaimage : boredpandaimage : boredpandathe intellectuals : really makes you think . image : buzzfeed/theladbibleimage : buzzfeed/pophangoverimage : boredpanda/hash _ is_brownthe ones who are self aware : they know what 's up . image : boredpandaimage : boredpandaimage : boredpandaimage : boredpandaimage : buzzfeedimage : boredpanda/image : boredpanda/l _ dav_the confident ones : these teens will do just fine in college . image : buzzfeed / @seniorquoteslolimage : buzzfeed / @steff_lowpayzzimage : buzzfeed/pinterestimage : buzzfeed/9gagthe comedians : everyone loves a good joke . image : boredpandaimage : buzzfeedimage : boredpanda/boopbop123image : boredpanda/redditimage : boredpanda/vivseriously , why could n't all 18 year olds be this clever ? namely , me ? may your quotes be as hilarious as these teens this graduation season .
nra supporters are destroying their yeti coolers over changes made to the relationship between the nation 's largest gun lobby and the outdoors company.gun enthusiasts have been turning their weapons on their beloved coolers , protesting claims by the nra that yeti was ceasing all business relationships with the organization . " suddenly , without prior notice , yeti has declined to do business with the nra foundation , saying they no longer wish to be an nra vendor and refused to say why , " marion hammer , the nra 's florida lobbyist , wrote in a letter . " they will only say they will no longer sell products to the nra foundation . that certainly is n't sportsmanlike . in fact , yeti should be ashamed . they have declined to continue helping america 's young people enjoy outdoor recreational activities . " yeti coolers are n't cheap , ranging from several hundred to $ 1,300 . calls for boycotts of yeti have accompanied the demonstrations . yeti , however , disputes the nra 's announcement , stating that they are not severing ties , but merely reevaluating their policies and working on new incentives for nra members to buy their products . " a few weeks ago , yeti notified the nra foundation , as well as a number of other organizations , that we were eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs , " yeti said on twitter . " when we notified the nra foundation and the other organizations about this change , yeti explained that we were offering them an alternative customization program broadly available to consumers and organizations , including the nra foundation . these facts directly contradict the inaccurate statement the ( nra ) distributed on april 20 . " tweets showing the destruction of expensive personal property by its owners have been popping up , many of which include statements of protest . known as the " yeti cooler challenge , " owners are filling the coolers with tannerite , an explosive , and blowing them up . the irony speaks for itself . " blowing up your yeti coolers serves no purpose since you 've already given them your money . they do n't give 2 sh*t s what you do with it after that . "
what 's this ? sure , when five cast members of the upcoming avengers : infinity war appear on jimmy kimmel live ! , you expect some hijinks . but we also learned what happens when you 're an avengers : infinity war cast member who overshares . as soon as he made what appeared to be a joke about sharing an infinity war spoiler , mark ruffalo 's cast members ratted him out as the least-trustworthy cast member , prompting tom hiddleston to share the time ruffalo accidentally live-streamed a portion of thor : ragnarok on instagram at the film 's premiere . in his own defense , ruffalo , insisted the phone was in his pocket so viewers just heard the first 15-20 minutes of the film , but then relayed how a disney rep came up to him in the middle of the screening , and poked him , telling him angrily , " turn off your phone ! " and just in general giving him the business for his clumsiness . so , let this be a lesson to you : not even being one of the biggest , strongest superheroes around will save you from the wrath of studio pr people .
drawings on the nails of 2018 differ in variety and originality . in the fashion will be both time-tested stories and motifs , as well as fresh ideas that are just gaining popularity.flowers - a classic theme for those who appreciate femininity . it would seem that it is almost impossible to come up with something new here , but 2018 offers us some interesting chips . firstly , it will be fashionable to combine a white color with some bright one : a lilac orchid or a yellow chrysanthemum on a white background - just what you need.manicure with flowers can be performed in different techniques . perhaps the most popular can be called a manicure with a brush pattern , when the master armed with a magnifying glass , as the artist begins to paint your marigolds with gel-lacquers , water-colors or gel-colors . depending on the skill can get a variety of flower ornaments . beginners choose the patterns on their nails easier and use extra decor in the form of rhinestones to give greater effectiveness . experienced specialists in nail art are enough to have in the arsenal of a couple of handy brushes to create on short nails astounding drawings with flowers . let 's consider different types and modern techniques of performing manicure with flowers on nails.did you like my work ? press your finger up and share information with your friends .
tristan thompson now regrets being caught kissing other women while khloe kardashian was at home , pregnant with their child . it 's easy to say , once you 've been caught , tristan ! a source close to tristan revealed , " tristan regrets cheating on khloe and also being caught with other women . his life has been challenging and [ he ] genuinely feels bad for hurting khloe . " but it seems that tristan is only sorry about what he 's done as he is more upset about the way he 's being treated ever since the video footage and pics were leaked of him getting up close and personal with other women . now all fans and other people seem to be taking the reality tv star 's side - even tristan 's own teammates apparently.the source further reveals , " people are treating tristan differently . his own teammates and coaches , even his fans , strangers at restaurants are all giving him an attitude . they are being rude to him and treating him differently . he feels like he really screwed up and it totally sucks to be him right now . " tristan is super confused and upset over his lack of playing time in the nba playoffs and wonders what his lack of minutes has to do with him cheating on khloe . the source further states , " he does n't think coaches would discipline him instead of chase the championship . but he is still paranoid and wonders . he wishes he was on the floor helping his team wins and feels horrible about being on the bench . it has been humbling for him and doubt lingers as to why he is not a factor in the playoffs . "
morning joe regulars discuss trump 's continuing problems with his cabinet officials and appointees . " joe , the bad headlines for members of president trump 's cabinet continue to mount with interim director of the consumer financial protection bureau , mick mulvaney , now in the spotlight . did you hear this ? according to the new york times , he says it out loud , " willie geist said . " mulvaney , who also runs the white house budget office , told banking industry executives at a conference yesterday that they should press lawmakers hard to pursue their agenda . the times says he also revealed that as a congressman , he would meet only with lobbyists if they had contributed to his campaign , telling the crowd , quote , this is a quote , ' if you 're a lobbyist who never gave us money , i did n't talk to you . if you 're a lobbyist who gave us money , i might talk to you . ' " in response , mulvaney 's spokesman told the new york times ' glen thrush that remarks to bankers were a general call to citizens to advocate in whatever way they choose , and that mulvaney 's top priorities as a congressman was listening to constituents , for free , and that the part on lobbyists was meant to underscore that point . " joe , sometimes these things are implied , they 're done behind close the doors . but let me read the quote again from mick mulvaney : ' if you 're a lobbyist who never gave us money , i never talked to you . if you 're a lobbyist who gave me money , i might talk to you . ' " scarborough described the way donors were handled in his congressional office , and then brought steve israel into the conversation . " i totally agree with you , joe , " israel said . " look , this may have been the one true statement that a trump appointee has ever made . on this , i think there 's no fake news . he made the statement . " israel predicted the clip would be used in this year 's mid-term elections .
ingredients : 1 package fudge brownie mix ( 13-inch x 9-inch pan size ) 1/2 cup water 1/2 cup canola oil 1 egg 3/4 cup chopped almonds 1 teaspoon almond extract filling : 1 cup ( 6 ounces ) semisweet chocolate chips 1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1/4 cup confectioners ' sugar 2 tablespoons milk 1/2 teaspoon almond extract topping : 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream 1/2 cup sliced almonds , toasteddirections : in a large bowl , combine the first six ingredients . pour into a greased 13x9-in . baking pan . bake at 350 ° for 23-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean ( do not overbake ) . cool on a wire rack . in a microwave , melt chocolate chips ; stir until smooth . in a large bowl , beat cream cheese and confectioners ' sugar until smooth . beat in the milk , extract and melted chips . spread over brownies . refrigerate for 1 hour or until firm . for topping , in a small saucepan , melt chips and cream over low heat , stirring occasionally . spread over filling . sprinkle with almonds . refrigerate at least 1 hour longer before cutting.makes : 18 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 25 min . + chilling
ingredients : 1 package ( 15.80 ounces ) brownie mix 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips 2 cups crispy chow mein noodles 18 candy eyeballsdirections : prepare and bake brownies according to package directions using an 8-in . square baking pan lined with parchment paper . cool completely in pan on a wire rack . in a microwave , melt chocolate chips ; stir until smooth . remove 1 tablespoon melted chocolate to a small bowl ; reserve for attaching eyes . add noodles to remaining chocolate ; stir gently to coat . spread onto a waxed paper-lined baking sheet , separating noodles slightly . freeze until set . cut nine brownies with a 2-1/4 - in . round cutter for spider bodies . attach eyeballs using reserved melted chocolate . with a bamboo skewer or toothpick , poke eight holes in top of each spider for inserting legs . insert a coated noodle into each hole . store in an airtight container.nutritional facts : 1 brownie : 367 calories , 16g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 16 mg cholesterol , 346 mg sodium , 54g carbohydrate ( 31g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 5g protein.makes : 9 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 30 min . + cooling
john travolta is really leaning into his new film role as an unhinged movie fan who stalks his favorite movie star . a photo of travolta in costume for the upcoming movie moose has been circulating around the internet over the last day , and people are shocked by how the actor looks in his new role . the photo , nabbed by redditor bunyippouch , is certainly something . look at that haircut . that shirt . those shorts . that disheveled face and those wire-frame glasses . that hunch . travolta is really pulling off that crazed stalker look , which you can also see in some behind-the-scenes footage from et canada . the movie moose is being directed by limp bizkit frontman fred durst and is about a fan who becomes obsessed with an action movie star , according to variety , and eventually wants to ruin the celebrity 's life . the story is based on durst 's life and his own experience with an overzealous fan-turned-stalker . if the thriller is half as unsettling as that image of travolta , then they 've got themselves a hit .
{ " width " : 295 , " web_uri " : " 005ae090bdcc40a2efc4 " , " height " : 379 , " description " : " the goal of the ragman is to be remembered for his sticky music . " } the urban music singer bad bunny will have a special presentation at the ceremony of the latin billboard awards , which will be held this thursday in the city of las vegas , nevada.the young singer announced that he will be on stage to present his latest song , amor foda , a ballad whose central theme is lovelessness . he also comments that there will be a big surprise for his millions of followers around the world.and , it can not be ignored that , in very little time of career , benito antonio martínez ocasio ( first name of the singer ) has become a sensation in social networks and digital music and video platforms.many say that their success is due to the fact that both their music and the image they project have " a different flow " and this is what the interpreter of tú no metes gochas affirms . the 24-year-old is aware that his career takes very little time and that he went from having no contact with the music industry to being recognized in several countries where he has had a great reception . " i think that has a lot to do with it , about being different in many aspects , from the way of being . i am genuine , i am the same person . in this environment , daddy yankee is an artist who has always been genuine . i have done the same , to be original in what i do , not to imitate anyone and work from the heart , i think that influences . work by passion and with heart the things i achieve are because god blesses for doing things without evil , " says the vegabajaeño , who adds that in a short time " i had to learn many new things " .
ntv journalists were found by a frenchman who calls himself adolf hitler 's grandson.previously , european media reported that the fuhrer of the third reich could have a illegitimate son - jean laura , who , successfully hiding his whole life , died in 1985 in france , also leaving behind a son.the authors of the show " new russian sensations " managed to track down the alleged grandson of the dictator . it took them six months , a few more weeks left for internet correspondence , and a few days for " heavy " phone calls.nevertheless , on the last sunday the channel was able to report that the grandson of hitler is called philippe lore , he lives in the " usual " fear in the french city of boin en vermandua , but agreed to talk with russian journalists.so , philippe lore said that his grandmother charlotte lobguya met the fuhrer during the first world war in 1916 , when she lived , and part of hitler lodged near lille . the woman became the mistress of the future dictator , having given birth to him an illegitimate son.however , philip lore himself , who now works as a plumber , feels " some doubts " in the story , which his father told him . in this regard , he asked for help from russian experts and decided to undergo a dna test . lore surrendered saliva to one of moscow 's medical centers in the hope that it could be compared to hitler 's dna , a fragment of the skull and jaw of which is stored in the moscow archive of the fsb .
dearly beloved , we are gathered here today to join john krasinski , and emily blunt , and also ben platt in holy matrimony . you may be thinking to yourselves , " hey , john krasinski and emily blunt already got married to each other in 2010 , " but on tuesday at the time 100 gala in new york , everything changed . here 's what went down : the quiet place co-stars caught up with the star of broadway 's dear evan hansen and took an absolutely stunning series of photos . they looked great . truly . then , after leaving the event , platt , admired the shots and must have thought the three would form a perfect union because he shared his desire to join their marriage on twitter . the best part is that platt was n't even chill about it . he acted the way i , a regular krasinski/blunt superfan , would have , literally captioning the photo , " inching my way into this marriage . " same , ben . same . if any person here can show cause why these three people should not be joined in holy matrimony , forever hold your peace because they 're perfect . john krasinski , who accepted the proposal within hours , clearly agrees . with a simple but life-changing , " nope . you 're in my friend , " krasinski , blunt , and platt were wed via twitter . ( far more powerful than any " i do . " ) please enjoy these photos of the happy throuple at the time 100 gala their ceremony . image : kevin mazur/getty images for timeimage : sean zanni/patrick mcmullan via getty images ) image : sean zanni/patrick mcmullan via getty imagesif you recall , john krasinski and emily blunt also recently adopted actor ryan reynolds , so i guess ben platt is a dad now . big day for ben ! congrats !!!
lightning labs co-founder and ceo elizabeth stark has announced a scholarship for female blockchain developers . in a post on twitter , stark said that she and bitcoin developer jimmy song have secured several scholarship packages for the upcoming programming blockchain seminar , which is scheduled to take place on may 17 and 18 in new york city . the scholarships will cover the admission fees for the full two-day course , which usually costs $ 4,000 . one thing to keep in mind is that scholarship recipients will be responsible for any travel expenses “ to and from the venue . ” women developers can apply for the scholarship by filling out the form here . the form is rather simple other than a programming challenge that the aspirants are required to solve . as stark has already suggested , those interested in attending the seminar can learn more about the curriculum here . there is a significant gender gap in the blockchain and cryptocurrency world ( though the precise extent of the gap is still a point of contention ) . indeed , the lightning labs chief herself has previously suggested that the gender gap in blockchain might not be as severe as it ’s made out to be . still , efforts such as these are appreciable to help narrow this gap and get more women into the field . \ t \ t \ t \ t \ t
“ a giant lion sculpture carved from a single dead redwood tree . it took 20 people over 3 years to complete . ” if you pierce a hole in the ice of a lake in alaska , the methane bubbles burst out and ignite from the slightest spark . “ mini-orange found in a normal orange . ” what real heat looks like : the bridge cuts the ice like french fries . “ this pizza came in a circular box . circular ! ” this flower is perfectly symmetrical : this is the train that clears the snow off of the tracks : a 400-year-old bonsai tree that survived the bombing of hiroshimathe english stand in an ideal line even in the absence of dividing bands.the leaves were covered with a thin layer of ice . “ a mountain on fire in tuscon , arizona , 2015 . ” niagara falls from a bird ’s eye viewinsects eat up a leaf so that only the skeleton remains.a 900-year-old church in norwaythis is what $ 20 million looks like under a mattress : not many birds have such long eyelashes . this , by the way , is a secretary bird . “ heart-shaped bubble wrap . ” summer in arizona “ found this little ice tree on my windshield this morning . ” which photo impressed you most of all ? please let us know in the comments !
we love instant pots around here , because it can do so many different things in such a short amount of time . which is why every time it goes on sale , we freak out a little bit and want to tell everyone we know . today is one of those days . the instant pot duo mini 3 is on sale today on amazon for 30 % off , which drops the price to $ 56 . that 's a great deal . already have an instant pot ? give one to a friend . this would make a great gift — especially for graduation or mother 's day . this 7-in-1 cooker combines a rice cooker , pressure cooker , slow cooker , steamer , sauté pan , yogurt maker , and warmer into one compact cooking apparatus . the 3-quart pot is great for single servings and side dishes , and it 's small enough to bring around with you . it has 11 smart and programmable controls for cooking all kinds of things like stew , chili , or yogurt , just to name a few . schedule your cooking with a 24-hour delayed start and keep your food warm for up to 10 hours . you can even use alexa to scroll through recipes and set up a grocery list for your instant pot 's next job . image : instant potpsst : the 6-quart model is also on sale .
when designers start working on something sometimes they do n’t just create something visually attractive , but also end up with something useful . even details that seem insignificant can make using regular things much easier and more convenient.my beer coaster revealed a hidden image after it collected enough condensation.this playground has a swing for wheelchairs.coconuts in china are very convenient to drink from.the shower handle in this hotel room bathroom is on the other side so you can avoid getting wet when turning it on.this pizza place gives you instructions on how to reheat your pizza with your receipt.this restaurant has a breathalyzer on the counter where you pay.a page holder to prevent pages from turning in your book.the kid ’s menu at chick-fil-a is at kid ’s eye level.in chinese airports and hotels you can rent a charging station.lockable skateboard parkingknee-activated faucets at a supermarket , italy “ my local community college has collapsible monitors that can automatically go down so you can have more desk space . ” this manhole cover in seattle is a map of the city.the tulips in this garden are arranged in the shape of tulips.a door knob for those who are wearing gloves
when you think of awesome , high-quality headphones , you definitely think of bose . these are treat yo ' self headphones . the pair you lovingly tuck into your carry-on . the headphones you carry around in their own special case . lucky for you , amazon has four different styles of bose headphones on sale so if you 're in the market for a new pair then today is your day . from earbuds to noise cancelling to headphone-jack friendly , there are plenty of options for you to choose from , all discounted . these bose wireless headphones have a longlasting , 20-hour battery life.image : boseaccording to the product page , these headphones feature world-class noise cancellation and balanced audio performance to enhance your music . they have a 20-hour battery life , too . image : boseimage : bosethese headphones feature a wireless range of up to 30 feet and last up to 15 hours on a single charge . they also feature voice control capability to keep your connected to your phone . image : bosethese tiny earbuds are perfect for the gym . they 're sweat and weather-resistant and come with three different tips to ensure a snug fit . you can even keep track of them with the " find my buds " app . image : boseimage : bosethis lightweight pair requires a headphone jack . they feature noise reduction and you can even take calls and use voice commands as needed . image : bose
the studio behind wallace and gromit are developing a new ww1 game well , you definitely do n’t see this everyday ! aardman animation limited , an animation studio that made the stop-motion clay animation wallace and gromit cartoons , are currently developing a world war 1 game titled “ 11-11 memories retold ” . “ engaging audiences with compelling stories through animation is at the heart of what we are trying to do at aardman , ” said the studio ’s founder and owner , dave sproxton . “ with this project we want to produce an emotionally rich experience with distinctive visual character to help you understand what war is all about . ” bandai namco entertainment is partnering with the studio to develop the game and has described it as “ a story-driven narrative adventure ” with a unique art style . the game ’s title appears to be a reference to world war 1 ’s armistice day which occurred on november 11th , 1918 . the teaser trailer also features part of a famous ww1 poem titled “ in flanders fields “ . it ’s author , a canadian soldier named lieutenant-colonel john mccrae , wrote the poem in 1915 . world war games seem to be back in fashion these days , what with last year ’s battlefield 1 and call of duty : wwii . in fact , the next battlefield game , rumored to be titled “ battlefield v “ , is also said to be set in ww2 . there ’s also an upcoming ww2 multiplayer fps game titled “ post scriptum ” that ’ll be releasing this spring . it is currently unknown when 11-11 memories retold will launch but it is set to be available on the pc , ps4 and xbox one . so , what do you think of this teaser trailer ? are you interested in playing a story-focused ww1 game ? let us know your thoughts in the comments section ! sources : polygon and vg247
after a cold , wet spring that feels more like winter most days , you ’ll be happy to hear that the farmers ’ almanac released their predictions for summer 2018 and things are looking up — temperature-wise , at least . according to their 200-year-old weather formula , the farmers ’ almanac says that there will be “ warmer-than-normal temperatures for most of the nation ” this summer , according to a statement.farmers ' almanac their summer 2018 outlook map shows that the hottest weather will occur in the middle and western parts of the united states , particularly in july . people in the southeast also have an especially hot and humid season to look forward to this summer.so far , the only part of the country that should expect cooler weather this summer is the pacific northwest . while the weather will also be drier than normal there , texas and the rest of the central part of the south will experience heavy thunderstorms . from the rockies to the midwest there will be normal amounts of precipitation , however , over in the northeast and new england the hot summer weather will also be much drier than normal , which could lead to drought conditions , the farmers ’ almanac predicts . “ we base our predictions on a specific and reliable set of rules that were developed back in 1818 by david young , the farmers ’ almanac ’s first editor , ” peter geiger , the farmers ’ almanac ’s current editor , said in a statement . “ the formula has been altered slightly over the years and now includes both mathematical and astronomical factors . ” while the daily weather can always change at the last-minute , the farmers ’ almanac says that their long-range predictions have been accurate between 80 and 85 percent of the time . considering that their predictions that both winter and spring 2018 would be cold and wet were spot on , you better start getting your ac units out of storage now .
get the feeling you 're suddenly being bombarded with emails from companies about updated terms of service policies ? you are . and there 's a good reason : the european union 's forthcoming efforts to protect our personal data . in april 2016 , the eu announced it would soon be adopting the general data protection regulation — a law that will more thoroughly govern the personal information and private data that companies and online social media platforms are able to access . basically , the gdpr aims to ensure all your information is being used by companies responsibly . and though the law is based in the eu , the gdpr has a worldwide impact because any global online company that collects data from someone living in the eu will be held accountable . while the specific updates made to each terms of service policy will be individual to every company , the law expands the definition of what information is considered personal data . this means companies will likely be adjusting their privacy policies to inform users that less basic information such as ip addresses , location data , web browsing cookies , and other details are also defined as personal data . though the new internet regulations do n't go into effect until may 25 , 2018 , companies like facebook , instagram , google , and more , are starting to prepare by updating their terms of services and privacy policies now . that explains all the emails , which you might want to give a look to see if anything noteworthy has changed . to learn more about the gdpr and the impact it will have on data-driven platforms , read mashable 's explainer .
when french president emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte touched down in washington , d.c. on monday for a visit that included the trumps ' first state dinner at the white house , they were accompanied by a crew of security personnel that ( no offense to the men and women guarding our president ) looked infinitely more chic than the secret service . take , for example , this shot of the first couple of france touring the lincoln memorial.on the far left and right you have what appear to be u.s. secret service agents ( the agency protects visiting heads of state and their spouses ) , but the man behind brigitte macron looks , well ... different . with his skinny tie and lapels , pointy-toe shoes , and seriously shellacked hair , he could almost be mistaken for a french ricky martin . or this photo . the man in sunglasses looks like a real-life version of tommy lee jones 's character in men in black . and it 's not just the male security guards . the woman at right in the below picture is giving us effortlessly chic parisian vibes.the fit and light blue shade of the suit worn by the guard leading the pack here is on point , too.here 's your chance to up your fashion game , secret service agents .
keegan allen has been interested in photography since before he hit double digits . he began taking pictures when he was nine years old , and he still shoots with the camera his father gave him back then — though his collection has expanded significantly . now , the actor is on a book tour for his new book hollywood , which features his original photography along with personal captions , lyrics and more . when allen originally set out to capture hollywood , he was shooting pictures of his home . “ as a photographer , as a young photographer , i wanted to bring the truth , protect the place where i grew up and also expose the beautiful and sometimes very dark elements of hollywood as well , ” allen told uinterview exclusively . “ all over the world , people look at hollywood as this place that is an idea of the dream , a chase , a place of great triumphs and successes , but also where dreams come true , dreams are shattered — everything . it really is the central point of sometimes media and creating iconic hollywood movies . you know , you think of things that have made you feel certain ways . so it was an interesting journey to set forth on . ” hollywood shows both the beautiful aspects of the city as well as its seedier side . allen said the book is both an exposé in addition to his sort of protection over the city . “ i wanted to show what it truly is , ” allen said . “ we get caught up in the idea of tinseltown , of the glitz and glamor of it . we see , you know , red carpet events , we see interviews , we see the lights turned on and the makeup and all the stuff , but once you remove all that [ you ] see the reality and the people that live there . ” allen said that it ’s inspiring to see people who have n’t quite had their dreams work out but are still chasing after them . he wanted to capture that and show his version of it . “ now , is it the be all , end all version ? absolutely not , ” allen said . “ that ’s the beauty of it , and as i do these interviews , i ’m starting to learn more about my book through others ’ interpretations of what they ’re seeing . as you start to look at the people — that was the thing that started to come to the surface for me — was as i was shooting the book , that people would come up to the surface and really change how i looked at the world around me now . ” while he sees the book to be a huge picture of hollywood as a whole , one photo in particular resonates with him — the one on the very back of hollywood . “ it ’s a photo of the sunset — and that actual photo is in the book — towards the end of the book before this foreverland story , ” allen said . “ that ’s always really resonated with me because here we are in the hustle and bustle the jive and the constant hunger for the fame monster or to make it or just to live another day and be seen , no one really looks up and notices how beautiful los angeles is . ”
early last year , mel gibson became the father for the ninth time - his 27-year-old sweetheart rosalind ross gave birth to lars 's son . however , for all this time the boy together with his parents got into the paparazzi lenses only a couple of times . yesterday , the gibson family was seen at the atlanta airport , where photographers managed to make successful footage with lars.in atlanta , mela led the work : it is there that are currently shooting a new film with his participation ( boss level ) . the director of the fantastic action movie is joe carnahan , and starring , in addition to mel , involved annabelle wallis and naomi watts.recall , with rosalind mel met in early 2015 , when she came to work as a screenwriter in his production company icon productions , and as a result , without knowing it , she already had a scenario of her own future in her hands . a little later the lovers went on a long journey to costa rica and panama . the first secular output of the pair took place on the after-effect of the golden globe , though , then mel and rosalind chose not to pose the photographers together . in may 2016 , at a film festival in cannes , they no longer concealed their feelings , then there were rumors that mel was preparing to make his offer to his lover .
what is it ? amazon is teasing the release of a mysterious new ‘ fire tv cube ‘ on its very website . well , maybe not that mysterious ; based on previous leaks , it appears the device is a small set-top box that combines amazon ’s tv offerings with the echo ’s voice assistant capabilities . the context : way back in september , we wrote up a leak indicating amazon was working on a new fire tv module that could double as an echo . the devices were originally rumored to be announced by the end of 2017 , but as that came and passed , it seemed amazon may have scrapped the idea . turns out it just was n’t the right time . here ’s what device looked like based an earlier leak by aftv news . of course , much could have changed since last year , but that seems about right . i mean , it is a cube . such a device would allow amazon to capture two market segments in one fell swoop . google , meanwhile , has been integrating its assistant more tightly into android tv , but we ’ve yet to see a device that natively combines an always-listening voice assistant with streaming video capabilities . more information : amazon is extremely vague on details , but even disregarding the leaks , the ‘ fire tv in the name and echo-like blue light in the background are pretty strong hints at what ’s to come . amazon has n’t said when it plans to officially announce the device , but you can sign up to learn more on amazon ’s page here . via aftv news
carousel is by no means a new play , but thanks to a new production currently on broadway , the 73-year-old rodgers and hammerstein musical feels much fresher than one might expect . this sparkle can be credited to any number of thoughtful aspects of the new production , including dazzling choreography from new york city ballet whiz kid justin peck , deft direction by jack o’brien , striking costumes by ann roth — and a powerful cast including tony winner jessie mueller , opera legend renée fleming , and two-time tony nominee joshua henry as the carnival worker billy bigelow . henry , who previously appeared on broadway in shuffle along , violet , and the scottsboro boys , gives what the new york times calls a “ thoughtful and powerful ” performance and manages to make billy — a character henry himself charitably calls “ complicated ” — something more than just a villain . here , henry talks to t &amp; c about taking on a show almost a century old , and why his next gig needs to be funny . carousel first premiered in 1945 , so this is definitely a revival , but thanks to the dance element it feels new in a way to the audience . does that resonate with you on-stage as well ? i think it does . the movement in the show is something i had n’t seen — not like this , to bring such incredible movement to broadway . i got involved with the show when i was doing shuffle along on broadway time in 2016 , and [ the producer ] scott rudin called me into his office and mentioned this idea that he had , he said he thought i ’d make a great billy bigelow . there are times when a producer just says , “ i think you can do this , ” and it ’s one of those iconic roles , so i of course said “ yes . ” jessie mueller and joshua henry in carousel . julieta cervantes there are so many classic shows that maybe would n’t feel right in this moment now . what about carousel makes it a good revival for today ? i think the focus of this piece is redemption , it asks the question of whether , after we do something that we really are n’t proud of , we get second chance . i also hope the audience walks away with the idea that one has to take responsibility for themselves . it ’s about knowing that your past is yours to step into , that you can break any cycle that comes before you , and that you can forge ahead in a better direction . those things are very important . billy is n’t the most likeable guy . what did you find in him to make it possible for you to spend this much time in his head ? i really liked the idea of playing — i wo n’t say the underdog — but characters who have a lot of conflict . i do n’t like playing superheroes , but characters that are really complicated like billy do attract me . yes , he does some things that are just wrong , and that person is really hard to connect with , but where i did connect with him was in the eventual passion that he has to do something incredible for his child and for his family . that ’s kind of where i am right now , having just had a child a month agom , so that ’s my own connection right now . a lot of people have had previous experiences with carousel . what has this production taught you about the show that you did n’t know before ? prior to being in carousel , i had only seen the movie . so , when i read the script i felt like it was a lot deeper than the movie portrayed it to be . to be honest , what i think is brought out in the stage production , especially in ours , is the spirituality of what rodgers and hammerstein put into this piece , which was something that i sort of feel like was previously glossed over . joshua henry jason goodrich this show is choreographed by justin peck and has some very serious movement . it ’s absolutely gorgeous to watch , but how has it been to perform like that in addition to your acting duties ? it definitely is a lot of movement ; it ’s very physical . i love being in the gym , and am training six days a week ; i do a lot of high-intensity interval training so that my heart rate gets really high and i practice , as i ’m doing that , taking really deep breaths and that really helps in a song and in a style of music where you have to sing long , flowing , lines . for your next show , maybe you ’ll look for something nice and quiet . maybe one where i sit in a chair for 90 minutes . or an hour-and-a-half comedy . is a 90-minute , no-intermission show as appealing to a performer as it is to an audience member ? oh , yes . of course , sometimes you need your character to go on a journey — but if you can get a journey done in 90 minutes , it ’s like , that felt good !
one in three hong kong pupils identified to have learning difficulties for the first time last school year were around the age of eight or older , the government watchdog ’s latest report found , raising concerns that they might have missed the best time to receive support . according to the latest report by the audit commission , some 6,000 pupils were identified to have special education needs or low academic ability for the first time during the 2016-2017 year . among them , some 1,000 pupils , or 16 per cent , were already in between primary three ( around age eight ) and primary six . another 1,000 were in between secondary one ( around age 11 ) and secondary six . the report believed first-time identification in primary three or later was not ideal . “ early identification of possible learning difficulties can enable parents and teachers to provide the appropriate support to the students as soon as possible , ” the report reads . “ all efforts should be made to ensure that students with [ special education needs ] are identified at the earliest . ” in a response to the commission , the education bureau said some parents might have refused to allow assessment to their children at early ages until their children developed greater learning difficulties . the bureau added that not all pupils showed learning or adjustment issues at early ages , adding to the difficulties in early identification . some pupils with special education needs might only arrive in hong kong after primary three , the bureau said . professor sin kuen-fung , director of the education university of hong kong ’s centre for special educational needs and inclusive education , said kindergarten would be the ideal stage for identification of special education needs . after kindergarten , assessment should be made as early as possible in primary school . he said there was a shortage of school psychologists , who were in charge of making assessments in primary and secondary schools , and one psychologist needed to take care of seven schools , which might have slowed down the assessments . sin said the government needed to raise this ratio to one psychologist for four schools . “ although any child could be identified with learning issues at any stage , the guiding principle should be that there are enough resources to make sure the assessment service is sufficient , ” sin said . the audit report found that some schools had not received the required number of visits by psychologists . last academic year , 330 out of 844 publicly funded mainstream primary and secondary schools received regular educational psychology service provided by the bureau . among these schools , 27 received fewer than the required 18 visits a year , with one school receiving only 10 . another 484 schools received such service provided by school sponsoring bodies , and 11 of these schools received fewer than the required 14 visits , with one school receiving only four . the remaining 30 schools received enhanced service , which raises the required number of visits to 30 . however , four of them received fewer than the 30 visits . about 42,890 pupils with special education needs studied in those 844 schools last school year . the bureau told the lawmakers earlier this month that it had been “ progressively improving ” the ratio to one educational psychologist to four priority schools , meaning those with a large number or proportion of pupils with special education needs . it added that some 120 schools will receive this enhanced provision next year . the bureau said major reasons for insufficient visits were sick leave and maternity or paternity leaves . it added that it would step up efforts to monitor school visits .
there are just so many stars . with around 300 billion stars across the entire milky way , making a detailed map of our entire galaxy is nearly impossible . but europe ’s space agency , the esa , is doing it anyway . on wednesday , the released the largest map of the stars ever made . their map , compiled over the past few years by the gaia project , contains the precise locations of more than a billion stars.the esa ’s mission began in 2013 with the launch of the gaia spacecraft . over the next two years , gaia would routinely scan the entire sky twice per year , and use that information to create 3d images of the entire sky . combining images taken about six months apart ( meaning they were shot from opposite sides of our planet 's orbit ) can give the distances to these stars in much the same way that having two eyes gives you depth perception.now we have a database of the distances to around 1.3 billion stars located across a full quarter of our galaxy . that database was just made publicly accessible , so scientists from around the world can use it to make discoveries . " gaia is astronomy at its finest , " says fred jansen , gaia mission manager at esa . " scientists will be busy with this data for many years , and we are ready to be surprised by the avalanche of discoveries that will unlock the secrets of our galaxy . " although this database is already quite impressive on its own , gaia actually gives much more information than that . in addition to distance , gaia can track the movement of all of those stars , so we know where they ’re headed and where they came from . the database also contains the color and brightness of almost every single star , which can tell astronomers a great deal of information about every one . “ the new gaia data are so powerful that exciting results are just jumping at us , ” says antonella vallenari from the istituto nazionale di astrofisica ( inaf ) and the astronomical observatory of padua . “ it feels like we are inaugurating a new era of galactic archaeology . " if you 're interested in checking out gaia 's map for yourself , there are several different ways to explore the dataset at the esa 's website here.source : esa
what 's this ? bad lip reading has made a video about mark zuckerberg 's recent facebook interrogation , and it 's everything we could 've hoped for and more . in the fake rendition of zuckerberg speaking , he immediately interrupts the procession by asking his mom for his frodo ring ( which is pretty smart if he needs to make a quick getaway ) , then begins loudly slurping water as the interrogation begins . zuckerberg 's continual slurping makes his interrogators hesitate , and instead begin to ask questions such as , " how about you just chug the water ? " and , " are you blowing bubbles ? " when he finally stops drinking water , the interrogators move to questions about zuckerberg 's eerily unmoving face . " listen kid , blink if you 're not a lamp , " one asks him . great question , but i pegged zuckerberg as more of a rock or thumb . the conversation then delves into all the important questions : whether or not mark zuckerberg wants to buy a special van for sale , whether or not he thinks world war i is bad , and whether or not zuckerberg would be friends with ted cruz , which ted cruz thinks would be the case if he lived in a treehouse . point is , i 'm choosing to believe this is how the interrogation actually happened . that 's final .
after having two babies of her own , tlc star jill duggar-dillard recently announced on instagram that she helped deliver a baby ! and as soon as that post went up , some instagram followers questioned whether she is really qualified to assist in the birth process as a midwife . " it is questionable . she does n’t have a nursing degree , " wrote one instagram user . another commented , " you 're nuts to want her to deliver your baby . she 's not a midwife . " however , jill does have a certification as a certified professional midwife ( cpm ) . she showed off her certificate on instagram when she earned it back in 2015 . a cpm is a qualified midwife , but it 's not the highest certification a midwife can earn . that would be a certified nurse midwife ( cnm ) , who is a registered nurse with additional training in midwifery . still , jill 's cpm certificate — which required " training , education , and supervised clinical experience , followed by successful completion of a written examination , " according to the north american registry of midwives — is very valid . plus , it 's not like she has n't done this before : some outlets have reported that jill actually started a company called " labor sit . " she has yet to announce if that 's true , but it 's possible considering she no longer appears on counting on , after her husband , derrick dillard was fired from the show in november 2017 for making transphobic remarks . since then , it 's been somewhat unclear if the couple is consistently employed . given how big her family is , we guess that jill might be helping deliver some of her own nieces or nephews soon . after all , her sister jinger is expecting her first baby in a few months !
veterinarians discovered after the autopsy that one of the stones had ruptured the kangaroo 's kidney . 2018/04/25 you idiot ! fuzhou , china — a 12-year-old female kangaroo in a zoo in southeastern china died after visitors had hurled rocks at her because of one thing — she was n't jumping enough.according to chinese media , the 12-year-old female kangaroo was not hopping enough to amuse visitors at the fuzhou zoo in march . to make her hop , some made-in china genius decided to hurl rocks at the kangaroo , and when zookeepers showed up to stop the hurling , her left foot was nearly severed . the zookeeper tried to stop the crowd , but the crowd denied they had done such a thing.the kangaroo was later seen lying battered and hooked to an ivy drip in its enclosure , and the poor thing later died due to internal bleeding.veterinarians discovered after the autopsy that one of the stones had ruptured the animal 's kidney . for unknown reasons , the zoo said they plan to stuff and display the dead kangaroo.this did n't stop these idiots from hurting the animals . few weeks after the incident , a five-year-old male kangaroo luckily survived an injury caused by you-know - who.the fuzhou zookeepers stressed that these actions are against the rights of the animal and somehow people just do n't get it and keep hurting them . the zoo now plans to install more security cameras hoping to prevent anything like this from happening again .
the duo attended engagements in london on wednesday marking anzac day.at dawn : prince harry and meghan markle attended engagements in london on wednesday marking anzac day , which commemorates australian and new zealand military servicemen and women who died during wars , conflicts and peacekeeping operations.the duo attended the parade service at the cenotaph , with about 400 people , including military veterans and their families , taking part . the couple attended the service of commemoration and thanksgiving at westminster abbey.markle wore a black bespoke emilia wickstead skirt suit.earlier today the couple attended an anzac day dawn service , at the wellington arch in hyde park corner.this was markle ’s first official memorial service . she watched her future husband prince harry lay a wreath at the australian war memorial . she wore a long gray , military style coat by smythe and a wide brimmed hat.on tuesday , the engaged couple attended another memorial service , just hours after kensington palace revealed that the duchess of cambridge gave birth to a baby boy.the event was dedicated to stephen lawrence , the black british teenager killed 25 years ago in a racially motivated attack . it was held at the st martin-in-the-fields church in central london , across from trafalgar square .
seeing birds fly is totally normal . but seeing birds flying with no wings ? amazing . it all started when twitter user @elvyish posted two photoshopped photos of birds flying without any wings , and it led to a most glorious twitter thread . for all your wingless bird content . not to mention , the glorious slew of replies that the photoshops evoked : especially from this person , who just wants to understand : and of course , a natural evolution of photoshops : i 'm not sure why ripped arms were the next step for this , but i 'm ok with it . thank you , internet , for blessing us with such important content .
japanese companies are facing a workforce automation problem . it ’s not the kind you normally hear about , though — workers are n’t afraid they ’ll lose their jobs to machines . instead , the companies need to engineer robots to replace the droves of japanese workers approaching retirement age . right now , over a quarter of the japanese population is over the age of 65 , and that number is expected to jump to 40 percent over the next 40 years . that ’s bad news for industries that will need to replace those retiring workers , especially for industries like construction for which automation has n’t caught on as quickly . some companies are working to develop new robots to aid in high-rise construction . many have been developed , but few deployed . one , shimizu , is about to test its newly-developed robotic welder , carrier , and all-purpose lifting tool . it ’s not been easy to get this far , and the robots are still nowhere near perfect , according to an article in bloomberg technology . the problem is that working on a building requires people or robots to actually , you know , move around within the building . in spite of improvements in autonomous machinery , engineers have n’t quite figured out how to make a robot that can do meaningful construction work while being able to move as they need to on a construction site . but japan ’s construction industry needs these bots , like , now . when an industry is automated , workers are often displaced . but now , those employees are leaving either way , and the tech needed to fill in the gaps might not be ready . experts suspect robots can take over some of the welding , shipping , and basic tasks involved in constructing a new high rise . but even then , robot labor will only make up about 1 percent of each project , based on current technology . construction bots , which include assembly robots ( the kind that work in factories ) as well as autonomous , self-navigating vehicles like forklifts , will mainly work night and weekend shifts . because the technology is so new , current workers would feel more comfortable not working in the same space , for safety purposes . this is required of autonomous vehicles on construction sites but will also be the case for assembly bots used in construction . the robot revolution is still off in the distance , but for the sake of japan ’s future constructions , maybe we should hope it comes around a bit sooner .
the hit '90s kid game show double dare will return once again for new episodes this summer , nickelodeon announced on wednesday . according to deadline , the show will be revived for 40 new episodes . the revival series will feature new challenges as well as old favorites like the human hamster wheel and the giant double dare nose . the game features two teams competing against each other to win special prizes . on the original show , the teams would compete in a series of physical and trivia challenges , and had the opportunity to dare each other in order to win double and quadruple the amount of money . at the end of the game , both teams won the amount of money they raised but the one on top got to compete in the special double dare obstacle course . according to nickelodeon 's press release , the original series ran from 1986 to 1993 and was revamped several times for shows like super sloppy double dare and family double dare . the show was revived in 2000 as the aptly named double dare 2000 . the new competition will include " blasts from the past and stars from today , " according to the network . in 2016 , nickelodeon brought back double dare for a 30th anniversary reunion special , featuring the cast members of all that and double dare host marc summers . there 's no word yet whether summers will come back to host the new series , but summers did respond to the news with a series of cheeky emojis .
harvey and louis are blindsided by an attack against specter litt . meanwhile , mike ca n’t turn his back on the clinic when a class action suit overwhelms nathan and oliver . suits season 7 episode 15 photos tiny violin . suits began when legendary hotshot lawyer harvey specter took a gamble by hiring mike ross , a brilliant , but not-so-legitimate college dropout , as an associate at his prolific manhattan law firm . nearly seven seasons later , this dynamic duo along with louis , donna and rachel have become a family intertwined in one another ’s triumphs and tribulations . the back half of “ suits ”’ season 7 will premiere on wednesday , march 28 at 9/8c , culminating in a 2-hour season finale on wednesday , april 25 – an arc in which “ suits ” says goodbye to characters mike ross ( patrick j. adams ) and rachel zane ( meghan markle ) . when the back half of season 7 returns , harvey must deal with the aftermath of jessica ( gina torres ) losing her license , while trying to process how the kiss with donna will affect his relationship with paula ( christina cole ) . mike tries to juggle his commitment to the firm , his passion for pro bono work , and his engagement to rachel . all the while , louis struggles with right and wrong as his torrid affair with sheila ( rachael harris ) deepens . from universal cable productions , “ suits ” was created and is executive produced by aaron korsh . doug liman , david bartis and gene klein of hypnotic serve as executive producers . daniel arkin , rick muirragui , genevieve sparling and christopher misiano also serve as executive producers . suits season 7 episode 15 photos tiny violin suits — “ pulling the goalie ” episode 714 — pictured : ( l-r ) amanda schull as katrina bennett , rick hoffman as louis litt — ( photo by : shane mahood/usa network ) suits — “ tiny violin ” episode 715 — pictured : gabriel macht as harvey specter — ( photo by : ian watson/usa network ) suits — “ tiny violin ” episode 715 — pictured : ( l-r ) rick hoffman as louis litt , sarah rafferty as donna paulsen , meghan markle as rachel zane , patrick j. adams as mike ross — ( photo by : ian watson/usa network )
viral health activist haile thomas 's instagram comments were always upbeat and encouraging — until she did her first livestream . " someone was commenting like , ' you have a horse face , ' and then other people got on and were posting mean stuff , " the 17-year-old said at a panel hosted by instagram and hearst digital media ( cosmopolitan 's parent company ) on april 24 . " i had n't turned on any of the filters because my comments had always been so nice . " thomas and two other teen instagram influencers , aija mayrock and malick mercier , spoke with seventeen.com editor kristin koch about how teens — and anyone , really — can have fun , safe experiences on insta . the filters thomas referenced are the comment filters instagram has rolled out over the past couple years , which let users block specific words and phrases in comments and even toggle post comments completely on or off . ( it 's how kim kardashian blocked the snake emoji from her instagram comments when swifties were using it to troll her in 2017 ) . ) all three teens said they use the features to keep their time on insta fun and productive , so they do n't dwell on negative comments.on a separate panel , ana homayoun , author of social media wellness : helping tweens and teens thrive in an unbalanced digital world , told moderator kate lewis , hearst digital 's editorial director , that the key to helping teens have healthy experiences on social media is to educate yourself about the safety features , like comment filters , and show your kids how to use them . " make sure they know they can opt in and out of things , " homayoun said . " make it about them , and how they can curate their social media to be positive . " aija mayrock agreed that she wishes adults would 've showed her those kind of features and explained the effects of having a public versus private account , rather than just enforcing bans on social media . " instagram helped me survive bullying , it 's been a place of connecting for me , " she said . " you just need to know how to curate it to fit the things you care about , and block negativity . "
ingredients 3 ( 12 inch ) untreated cedar planks 1/3 cup vegetable oil 1 1/2 tablespoons rice vinegar 1 teaspoon sesame oil 1/3 cup soy sauce 1/4 cup chopped green onions 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root 1 teaspoon minced garlic 2 ( 2 pound ) salmon fillets , skin removedmethod step 1 soak the cedar planks for at least 1 hour in warm water . soak longer if you have time . step 2 in a shallow dish , stir together the vegetable oil , rice vinegar , sesame oil , soy sauce , green onions , ginger , and garlic . place the salmon fillets in the marinade and turn to coat . cover and marinate for at least 15 minutes , or up to one hour . step 3 preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat . place the planks on the grate . the boards are ready when they start to smoke and crackle just a little . step 4 place the salmon fillets onto the planks and discard the marinade . cover , and grill for about 20 minutes . fish is done when you can flake it with a fork . it will continue to cook after you remove it from the grill .
based on the bestselling young adult fantasy book series the mortal instruments by cassandra clare , shadowhunters follows 18-year-old clary fray , who finds out on her birthday that she is not who she thinks she is but rather comes from a long line of shadowhunters – human-angel hybrids who hunt down demons . when her mother jocelyn is kidnapped , clary is thrown into the world of demon hunting with mysterious shadowhunter jace and her best friend , simon . now living among faeries , warlocks , vampires and werewolves , clary begins a journey of self-discovery as she learns more about her past and what her future may hold . shadowhunters season 3 episode 7 photos salt in the wound shadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) anna hopkinsshadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) anna hopkinsshadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) isaiah mustafashadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) harry shum jr.shadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) emeraude toubiashadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) matthew daddario , harry shum jr. , katherine mcnamara , alberto rosendeshadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) emeraude toubia , matthew daddario , harry shum jr. , katherine mcnamara , alberto rosendeshadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) matthew daddarioshadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) katherine mcnamarashadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) alberto rosendeshadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) alberto rosende , isaiah mustafashadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) harry shum jr. , sophia walkershadowhunters – “ salt in the wound ” – with the owl ’s identity revealed , alec , isabelle , and clary head to alicante to try and find a way to stop him . luke and simon team up to track lilith ’s latest possible victim . maia reflects on her past . this episode of “ shadowhunters ” airs tuesday , may 1 ( 8:00 – 9:00 p.m. edt ) on freeform . ( freeform/john medland ) harry chum jr.related topics : freeform , shadowhunters
" meet elijah pacheco a 15 year old rap superstar that is ready to take the game by storm . hailing from the south bronx by way of north carolina . young prophit is one artist that while he knows he must make his own way he makes sure pays respects to the greats . young prophit started doing music at the age of 6 while writing rhymes and doing covers of tracks by the legends . prophit gives a lot of credit to his father who influenced him with the style of hip hop he listens to . first time he heard jay z he was i thrilled and knew he had to make rapping his life . young prophit feels he stands out because of his age and the content he 's putting out that 's based of traditional hip hop . his new mixtape 'em pire music group presents elijah the young prophit ' is a great example of this young mans talent and where he 's headed . the rumors are he has rockwilder producing most of his debut album along with production from erick sermon and the big homie co sign from dj kay slay who has already played his nas is like cover on hot 97 and xm radio . . be on the lookout for this up and coming artist elijah the young prophit " - doggie diamonds tv
what is the point in living if you can not do something that you love and enjoy ? leading a fulfilling life is important for many of us , with many young people refusing to settle for dead-end jobs without a future . wanting to do something that we love , both inside and outside our careers , is only human , and with life being so short , can we really afford to not chase our dreams?you ’ll feel more fulfilled as previously mentioned , doing something you love will fill you with fulfillment – a crucial ingredient to leading a happy life . many of us drift from place to place , looking for a sense of accomplishment and completion , and if you feel content , you ’re more likely to be both physically and mentally well . your career should make you feel good emotionally , and it should n’t leave you disheartened , stressed and depressed . instead , you should want to head to your day job , excited for what it entails . leading a more satisfied life will transcend into other aspects of your being , and you will , in turn , radiate success wherever you go . you ’ll be inspired when we are inspired , we have a purpose , but for this to happen , we have to be engaged with the environment around us . our job , friends , and family should all inspire us to be better , and they should also coax us into either new professions , lifestyles or life experiences . if you ’re a creative type , then the inspiration for you to create , whether it ’s through painting , writing or even flower arranging , is crucial to your livelihood . make this something you love your profession , or if it ’s a hobby , ensure you have the inspiration to engage with your hobbies outside of work hours and in your free time . although inspiration comes and goes , the more you love something , more frequent it will be . find your creative stimuli , whether it ’s through vaping , running or gardening . improve your chances of becoming inspired by investing in your hobbies : do you need a new easel ? head to the best arts and crafts store . is your vaping equipment old and rusty ? head to redjuice for the latest vaping mods . tired of your job ? send out your cv . you ’ll be more dynamic to succeed in life , you need to be proactive in your approach . when you ’re stuck in a nine-to-five job , you do n’t enjoy , but you need to pay the bills , your mood will lower , your health depletes , and you ’ll become more prone to mental health issues . humans are not meant to be stagnant ; humans are meant to be dynamic . rather than settle for a job , look for a career that ’ll propel you forwards . the same notion applies to all areas of your life : are n’t happy in your relationship ? it ’s time to move on . no longer happy with your hometown ? find a new place to put down roots . tired of playing football ? trade it in for a newer , more exciting sport . you ’ll prosper the “ answer to the ultimate questions of life , the universe , and everything ” is n’t the number 42 . instead , it ’s the business of doing whatever it is you love . life is short , so be sure to live it to the max . by doing so , you ’ll be able to see the world for all it is , and you ’ll be a more successful and inspired person because of it .
ingredients 1 package ( 1/4 ounce ) active dry yeast 1 teaspoon sugar 1-1/4 cups warm water ( 110 ° to 115 ° ) 1/4 cup canola oil 1 teaspoon salt 3-1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1/2 pound ground beef 1 small onion , chopped 1 can ( 15 ounces ) tomato sauce 3 teaspoons dried oregano 1 teaspoon dried basil 1 medium green pepper , diced 2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheesehow to make itstep 1 in large bowl , dissolve yeast and sugar in water ; let stand for 5 minutes . add oil and salt . stir in flour , a cup at a time , until a soft dough forms.step 2turn onto floured surface ; knead until smooth and elastic , about 2-3 minutes . place in a greased bowl , turning once to grease the top . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled , about 45 minutes . meanwhile , cook beef and onion over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain.step 3punch down dough ; divide in half . press each into a greased 12-in . pizza pan . combine the tomato sauce , oregano and basil ; spread over each crust . top with beef mixture , green pepper and cheese.step 4bake at 200 ° for 25-30 minutes or until crust is lightly browned . yield : 2 pizzas ( 3 servings each ) .
following a series of , uh , many , many tweets , kanye west got a shout-out from someone who he 'd mentioned several times in his spree : president trump.though kanye has talked about trump several times over the past 24 hours , trump singled out the below tweet about their fraternal " dragon energy " : you do n't have to agree with trump but the mob ca n't make me not love him . we are both dragon energy . he is my brother . i love everyone . i do n't agree with everything anyone does . that 's what makes us individuals . and we have the right to independent thought . — kanye west ( @kanyewest ) april 25 , 2018 trump , who , like , never tweets , hopped back on the platform just to say this : thank you kanye , very cool ! https://t.co/vric87m21x— donald j. trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) april 25 , 2018 meanwhile , kanye 's right-leaning tweet marathon continues . at the time of this post , he 'd most recently written about taking a meeting with billionaire trump supporter ( ... amongst other things ) peter thiel and seemingly of running on a 2024 platform of " [ keeping ] america great . " kim says everything is normal and fine and that kanye is amazing and ground-breaking and years ahead of his time . do with it all what you will .
shortly after kim kardashian defended her husband kanye west 's newly resurrected twitter rants , classifying him as a " a free thinker , " west tweeted a picture of himself in a " make america great again " hat with the caption , " we got love " posing with two unidentified men . and noted that his hat has been autographed by djt himself . earlier in the day , kanye tweeted that he and trump " are both dragon energy . he is my brother . " you do n't have to agree with trump but the mob ca n't make me not love him . we are both dragon energy . he is my brother . i love everyone . i do n't agree with everything anyone does . that 's what makes us individuals . and we have the right to independent thought . — kanye west ( @kanyewest ) april 25 , 2018 donald trump , active twitter user , immediately saw the tweet showing the support for him . trump then quote-tweeted kanye saying , " thank you kanye , very cool ! " despite kanye 's support for trump , kardashian emphasizes that she does not have the same feelings as her husband and claims he does n't necessarily agree with his politics . " now when he spoke out about trump ... most people ( including myself ) have very different feelings &amp; opinions about this . but this is his opinion . i believe in people being able to have their own opinions , even if really different from mine . he never said he agrees with his politics . " now when he spoke out about trump ... most people ( including myself ) have very different feelings &amp; opinions about this . but this is his opinion . i believe in people being able to have their own opinions , even if really different from minehe never said he agrees with his politics — kim kardashian west ( @kimkardashian ) april 25 , 2018 " kanye will never run in the race of popular opinion and we know that and that ’s why i love him and respect him and in a few years when someone else says the same exact thing but they are n’t labeled the way he is and you will all praise them ! kanye is years ahead of his time . " kanye will never run in the race of popular opinion and we know that and that ’s why i love him and respect him and in a few years when someone else says the same exact thing but they are n’t labeled the way he is and you will all praise them ! kanye is years ahead of his time — kim kardashian west ( @kimkardashian ) april 25 , 2018 she called out the media for questioning kanye 's mental health stating , " mental health is no joke and the media needs to stop spitting that out so casually . bottom line . " mental health is no joke and the media needs to stop spitting that out so casually . bottom line — kim kardashian west ( @kimkardashian ) april 25 , 2018 kanye himself also reiterated — at kim 's request — that he does not agree with trump 's politics : my wife just called me and she wanted me to make this clear to everyone . i do n't agree with everything trump does . i do n't agree 100 % with anyone but myself . — kanye west ( @kanyewest ) april 25 , 2018 and then declared his interest ( again ) in running for president in 2024 with a simple tweet .
after flirting with trump and his supporters in a number of tweets over the past week , kanye west went all in on wednesday , posting a photo on twitter of him wearing a " make america great again " hat . and , naturally , the president has chimed in with a message of thanks for all of his support . that is more than enough — but , wait , it gets weirder ! in the photo kanye posted , he 's alongside two men , one of whom is flashing a sign some have linked to white power members of the alt-right . the two men are , left , lucian grainge , head of universal music , and lyor cohen , center , currently head of global music at youtube . that 's cohen flashing the " ok " sign and this is where things get messy . the " ok " sign still means just that : everything is ok ! but it 's 2018 and that same hand signal has been appropriated by the alt-right , starting out as a prank by members of 4chan but evolving into " a thing " because it 's been used so much . if that 's not messy enough , there 's no way to know if cohen actually means it or if he 's just trolling us since kanye has set off a deafening buzz by defending trump and some of his supporters in multiple tweets over the past several days . it 's worth noting he 's done so on twitter before , though . this much we do know , though , thanks to a follow-up tweet : his maga hat is signed , maybe from when kanye visited trump in trump tower post-election . aaaaaaaand then kanye tweeted this because what is even happening ? some sort of social media inception . maybe this is where we all get off this train and throw our phones into the sea ? byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee .
kanye west has taken a metaphorical sledgehammer and destroyed the internet , once again . the rapper and designer is back on twitter ( in time to promote his new album out this june , interestingly enough ) but his somewhat deep and relatively mild thoughts about time and conciseness took dark turn this week . on wednesday , west tweeted extensively about donald trump and their shared " dragon energy " and then shared images of him with a maga hat on ( and music executive lyor cohen flashing the the " ok " hand symbol , which also happens to be a hand sign of the alt-right ) . so what do the good people of twitter do when their favorite rapper has gone rogue ? make jokes and memes , of course . aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh https://t.co/wnooa4jvni — god ( @thetweetofgod ) april 25 , 2018 in times of despair , at least we have a good meme to turn to . if only it helped .
nobody ever said that designing a home is easy . that ’s why construction projects require an entire team of skilled people , from architects to contractors and everything in-between ! you ’d think that with all of that professional input , new homes would come out perfectly — but that just ai n’t the case ! in fact , homes and buildings often feature all sorts of giant mistakes ! take the following home design fails , for example . each one is as nigh-unforgivable as it is hilarious . it ’s hard to believe that anybody let these pass inspection , but we ’re sort of glad they did … 1 . hey , do you know where would be a great place to install a toilet ? oh , how about the kitchen ? you know , the same room where you prepare and eat the very food that you put in your mouth ! 3 . how does a project like this even get to this point ? surely , even a novice would realize , “ this has to close somehow . ” evidently , even just installing a door handle is n’t always a simple task . 4 . you probably could park your car in this driveway , so long as you have an almost superhuman ability to line up your tires . still , one has to wonder who ever thought this design was a good idea ? 5 . why is the refrigerator simply sitting on its own in the middle of that kitchen ? in the history of refrigerators , has anybody ever designed their kitchen on its own little island like this ? 6 . whoever built this cabinet made a grave mistake : they installed it just over the light switch ! they even had to cut part of the switch off to accommodate it . clearly , planning is n’t overrated . 8 . when you ’re preparing your home office , make sure that you have everything that you ’ll need to have a productive day . that means a computer , a comfortable chair , and … a toilet ? sure , why not . 10 . what purpose do these big , obstructive columns serve exactly ? are they supposed to be holding the house together ? if that ’s the case , why was this place built on such a flimsy foundation in the first place ? 15 . what on earth is even happening here ? this bathroom is designed in such an insane fashion that one could only wonder if it was done intentionally . assuming that ’s the case , can someone please stop this monster ? 16 . whoever designed the railing for this seemingly normal staircase is either incredibly lazy or is trying too hard to apply surrealist sensibilities to home design . they would make the dadaists proud . 18 . to be fair , there could n’t have been an easy way to build a driveway up to a house at such a steep elevation . surely there must have been a better way to park the homeowners ’ cars than this ! 21 . why is this door knob in the center of the door itself ? how would that even work ? it ’s sort of like the door to a hobbit hole , except it ’s not in the shire and is about 10,000 percent less magical . 23 . here ’s an example of an instance in which nobody thought about the important relationship between one piece of furniture with another . come on , get your act together , contractors ! 24 . hey , do you know what every home needs for their garage ? stairs ! no , not the stairs from the inside of the house to the garage itself , but for some sort of sci-fi vehicle with legs . 28 . clearly , the best place to keep an outlet is right where rainwater is inevitably going to come gushing down right on top of it . that ’s certainly not a surefire way to set the entire house on fire , no sir . 30 . the good news with a garage like this is that you know that nobody ’s going to be able to steal your car from it . the bad news is that you ’ll have no way of parking your car in there in the first place ! hopefully , these homeowners were able to get some much-needed repairs . as for the homes ’ designers … maybe they should find another line of work ! share these hilarious fails with your friends below !
it looks like we ’ll have to wait another day for the official announcement of the royal baby ’s name , but prince william just dropped a huge hint that he and the duchess of cambridge already decided on a name : alexander . while attending an anzac day thanksgiving service today in london , australian high commissioner alexander downer asked prince william , “ have you thought of the name alexander ? ” to which the duke of cambridge responded , “ well , it ’s funny you should say that , it 's a good name , " before moving on to greet the next man in the receiving line . you can see the exchange take place in the footage below : the duke of cambridge has fuelled speculation about the name of his new baby boy , telling a man who suggested he could suit prince alexander : " funny you should say that ... " pic.twitter.com/ivcso9kznl— the telegraph ( @telegraph ) april 25 , 2018 even though alexander also happens to be prince george 's middle name , prince william 's comment made that name emerge as a top choice among people placing bets on the name in the u.k.in fact , the rush of new bets on the name alexander cut the odds from 10-1 to 5-1 , according to ladbrokes , which still has arthur as the favorite with 11-4 betting odds.james is still a strong contender with 4-1 odds , while albert and alexander are tied right now with 5-1 odds . “ another surge of bets have come in for arthur , ” said jessica bridge of ladbrokes . “ but james is still an incredibly popular bet and it seems like punters ca n’t quite seem to make their mind up between the two monikers . ” bridge also noted that enthusiasm has faded for names like charles , philip , and michael , because people think those will likely be one of the middle names for the newborn prince .
ingredients : 2-1/2 cups sugar 1 cup canola oil 3 large eggs 3 cups all-purpose flour 2 teaspoons baking soda 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves 1 can ( 15 ounces ) solid-pack pumpkin confectioners ' sugardirections : preheat oven to 350 ° . in a large bowl , combine sugar and oil until blended . add eggs , one at a time , beating well after each addition . combine flour , baking soda , cinnamon , nutmeg , salt and cloves ; add to egg mixture alternately with pumpkin , beating well after each addition . transfer to a greased 10-in . fluted tube pan . bake 60-65 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool 10 minutes before inverting onto a wire rack . remove pan and cool completely . dust with confectioners ' sugar.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 351 calories , 15g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 40 mg cholesterol , 245 mg sodium , 51g carbohydrate ( 32g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 4g protein.makes : 16 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . bake : 1 hour + cooling
npd reveals march video game sales rankings march was a great month for video game sales in the us , according to the npd . at retail , ubisoft ’s open-world shooter , far cry 5 , grabbed the gold medal for most sold units . the 2nd best seller was none other than microsoft-published sea of thieves . march fun fact : not only was far cry 5 the best-selling game in march , it became the best-selling game of 2018 , topping the likes of monster hunter : world . furthermore , while sea of thieves came 2nd in march sold units , it is developer rare ’s best-selling game of all time , topping golden-eye and banjo-kazooie . in the grand scheme , sea of thieves ranks 8 in the list of 2018 ’s best-selling games . worth noting , however , is that the npd does not take into account xbox game pass . there could be millions of players experiencing the ip through the subscription service , but there does n’t seem to be ( and probably wo n’t be ) a method of calculating sea of thieves ‘ contribution to the service . at least , perhaps not until microsoft publishes their own data . meanwhile , 3rd place in the npd charts was reserved for mlb 18 : the show , which saw a 40 % improvement over best-selling predecessor mlb 14 . you can view the npd top 10 for the month and for each platform below . keep in mind , nintendo switch and 3ds numbers do not take into account digital sales . march 2018 : far cry 5 sea of thieves mlb 18 : the show kirby star allies – does not include digital sales grand theft auto v call of duty : wwii mario kart 8 – does not include digital sales ni no kuni ii : revenant kingdom nba 2k18 monster hunter : world xbox one : far cry 5 sea of thieves playerunknown ’s battlegrounds call of duty : wwii grand theft auto v monster hunter : world nba 2k18 a way out tom clancy ’s rainbow six : siege assassin ’s creed : origins ps4 : far cry 5 mlb 18 : the show ni no kuni ii : revenant kingdom grand theft auto v monster hunter : world call of duty : wwii nba 2k18 a way out dragon ball : fighterz fifa 18 switch : kirby star allies mario kart 8 super mario odyssey the legend of zelda : breath of the wild splatoon 2 mario &amp; rabbids : kingdom battle pokken tournament dx bayonetta 2 elder scrolls v : skyrim arms 3ds : detective pikachu pokemon : ultra sun pokemon : ultra moon mario kart 7 super smash bros. minecraft super mario maker super mario 3d land kirby : battle royale mario party : the top 100 source : vg247
if a monkey takes a selfie , who owns the photo ? that question has been buzzing around for literally years now , ever since 2015 , when people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta ) sued a photographer for the rights to a “ monkey selfie ” that went viral in 2011 . at long last , we have an answer : this week , a u.s. court decided that , no , monkeys ca n’t own copyright because u.s. copyright law only applies to humans . that ruling has implications beyond how nice a house that photogenic macaque can afford . it could set a precedent for what kind of entities legally qualify as “ creators , ” especially as artificial intelligence evolves to create more . a quick recap of the details : david slater is the photographer at the center of this controversy , and the face that launched a million lawsuits ( ok , maybe just one ) belongs to an indonesia crested macaque called naruto . in september 2015 , peta filed naruto vs. slater , claiming it was representing the monkey under “ next friend ” status . in the lawsuit , the organization asked for control of all proceeds related to the monkey selfie , noting that it would spend the money to benefit naruto and other macaques . in september 2017 , things seemed to finally come to an amicable end : slater and peta settled the lawsuit out of court . slater could own the copyright , on the condition that he would donate 25 percent of proceeds from the monkey selfie to indonesian organizations that protected crested macaques . both parties requested that the ninth u.s. circuit court of appeals dismiss the case , but it refused . this week , it issued its pretty scathing 41-page ruling on the case . the short version : naruto ’s not a human , so the law does n’t apply to him . p.s. peta ’s the worst . while peta might think twice before bringing another suit like this again ( the court ruled it must pay all of slater ’s legal fees ) , it may not be the last time u.s. courts have to rule on the copyright ownership of works created by non-humans . ai can already create paintings , write fiction , and compose music . they are , arguably , creators in their own right . currently , the copyrights to these works belong to the engineers that created those ai . but that very well might change if ai continues to evolve . “ in my view , a self-aware , autonomous ai would be the prerequisite for its works to be protectable by copyright , ” copyright expert dave davis wrote in techcrunch . according to various ai experts , we may meet that prerequisite within the next two or three decades . some nations are already diving into the murky territory of giving ai legal rights that land somewhere between those of humans and animals . copyright laws could join the list of those in need of an ai-era revamp , and in the not-so-distant future , courts may face a somewhat altered version of the question asked by naruto vs. slater : if an ai takes a selfie , who owns the photo ?
over the years , mobile gaming has become a phenomenon , rivaling in magnitude with its console and pc-based counterparts . we even have mobile versions of fortnite and pubg now , games that require lots of processing power to run . but when you just want a quick game to play in the grocery line or even on the toilet , try these simple , quick games that you can play right on your lock screen.all of the games listed below live inside your today view as widgets , which can be accessed either in the pull-down notification center or from the right-swipe action on the lock screen or your first home screen page . this means you can launch and start playing the games almost immediately without even unlocking your iphone . since these games live as widgets , they 're all pretty simple puzzle and arcade-style ones , games you wo n't feel bad about closing when you 're back to real-life duties like paying for food . one game 's origins even dates back to the '60s when you could only play it on mainframe computers , but that does n't make it any less addicting . another app listed below has a total of three games you can play . adding these games to your today viewif you 're unfamiliar with adding widgets to your today view , it 's fairly simple . some of these games will let you 3d touch on their icon on the home screen to select " add widget , " while the others will make you select " edit " at the bottom of the today view screen to add them to approved widgets list . for more information , check out our full guide on adding widgets linked below . app 1 : quickgets snakesnake is the perfect pick-up-and-play game , where you are a two-dimensional snake trying to eat and get larger . if you eat yourself or hit a wall , you lose . you 're given a virtual d-pad to control your little buddy , so it 's no nokia experience , but it 's still a great game to play at the drop of a hat . you can even tweak some settings like grid size and colors . however , " quickgets snake " is not free and will run you $ 0.99 . install quickgets snake for $ 0.99 from the ios app store app 2 : minesweeper - widget editionanother oldie but goodie . first introduced in the '60s , minesweeper has been ported over to nearly platform , rising to prominence when microsoft added it as one of its main games in windows starting in 1992 and lasting all the way until windows 8 came out ( though you can still download it from the microsoft store ) . the game involves you locating mines on a grid by tapping . you 're given hints as to where they 're located , so make sure to mark the mines once you find them with a tap-and-hold . you win by tapping every non-mine space in the grid , and you can double-tap any space to reveal all un-flagged squares at once . this variation gives you a bunch of options such as difficulties levels and custom grids.install minesweeper - widget edition for $ 0.99 from the ios app store app 3 : steve - the jumping dinosaur!this is a port of the infinite runner game that you can play in google chrome . while not officially sanctioned by google , steve gets major points for both being able to play inside a widget and while still online ( you can only play the chrome game while offline ) . simply tap anywhere on the widget to jump steve across all the cacti in the desert , and see how far you get.install steve - the jumping dinosaur ! for free from the ios app store app 4 : gameboard - widget gameit 's flappy bird ! even though the game 's best days were in 2014 , clones still pop up all the time since its creator pulled it from the app store ) . this widget is no different . it 's effectively the same addictive and frustrating game , where you squeeze through pipes by tapping the screen to have the bird flap its wings.you can also switch the widget game to piggie jump via the " gameboard - widget game for swaggie bird , and piggie jump " application , which has you jumping a little piggy up a series of rungs without missing one . you can also unlock a ball jumper game by rating the app , give you a total of three games in one app!install gameboard - widget game for free from the ios app store app 5 : bale ball widget - red bouncing ball widgetanother infinite runner , bale ball is a game in which you control a ball that has to survive as long as possible . navigate obstacles by jumping over spikes and try to stay alive . while similar in concept to steve , i find this game a little more challenging , albeit a little less charming aesthetically . there 's also a pro version available for $ 0.99 that gives you double-jump abilities.install bale ball widget for free from the ios app store app 6 : overglide - widget gameprobably the most graphically polished game of the bunch , overglide puts you in the shoes of a paper airplane trying to glide around obstacles . by tapping and holding , the airplane glides upwards , and by not tapping , it naturally falls towards the ground . overglide will also run you $ 0.99 to play .
ingredients for " honey chicken " : chicken fillet ( large pieces ) - 3 piecessoy sauce - 1 stack.honey - 3 tbsp . l.tomato paste - 2 tsp.red hot pepper - 1 pcvegetable oil ( fragrant ) - 1 tbsp . l.onion - 1 pc.garlic - 4 tooth.green onionsesame ( fried ) potato starch - 1 tbsp . l.waterthe recipe for " honey chicken " : \ tprepare the sauce . to do this , mix the tomato paste with water , it should turn out 0.5 cups of tomato sauce . add a glass of soy sauce . \ tadd honey . \ tchopped pepper and vegetable oil ( sesame or odorous sunflower ) . \ theat a little on a plate , stir until a uniform consistency is obtained . the sauce is ready . \ tin a deep thick-walled vessel , fry the onion until it is transparent . add the garlic and lightly fry . \ tlay out the fillets . \ tpour the sauce and simmer for about 1 hour . in the middle of the cooking turn over . \ tthen get the chicken , sort it out with forks . \ tmix 1 tbsp . l. starch and 3 tbsp . l. water . add to the sauce . stir until the sauce thickens . \ tput the chicken back into the sauce , mix , cover and cook for about 15 minutes.sprinkle chicken with sesame seeds and green onions . serve with rice and broccoli .
pride season is right around the corner , and it looks like disney is taking itself another step further in regards to the company showing it 's support for pride season . disney has already been making it 's mark is showing it 's representation and love for citizens of the lgbt community . last year , the disney channel made history on it 's channel when the series andi mack involved a younger male character , 13-year-old cyrus goodman , when that realizes he has his feelings for his friend , jonah , who also subsequently came out as gay . also last year , disney ’s live action remake of beauty and the beast featured a very gay lefou . now they 're showing they 're representation in another way , and it comes in the form of something that you can wear on your head at disney world.as an in-park exclusive release , these ears are called “ mickey mouse rainbow love , ” are exclusively being sold at disney world and disneyland . the pride mickey ears are available at all four of the theme parks at disney world , but the shops with the most quantity are at magic kingdom . those shops are emporium , fantasy faire and the chapeau hat shoppe on main street.the hat sells for $ 17.99 . lgbt fans of disney who ca n’t make it to the parks can call 407-939-5277 to order one over the phone and when prompted , ask for “ shopping . ” the item number for the “ mickey mouse rainbow love ” hat is 400020710710 . however , the hat has already made its way to ebay , where it ’s being sold for $ 29.99 plus shipping.as the lgbt community continues to show their love and support for the lgbt community , the community itself continues to respond back with love .
do you see a red door and wonder if it might be a good idea to paint it black ? you could " ask ask sherwin-williams , " or , better yet , you could just ask the new augmented reality features in the retailer 's mobile app.while the company 's colorsnap visualizer app for ios and android has previously given the bob villas of the world the opportunity to preview paint colors through still photos , the addition of an instant paint feature in the app 's latest update enables live previews in augmented reality.on devices compatible with arkit and arcore , instant paint easily recognizes walls and can virtually paint them with more than 1,500 shades of color from the retailer 's inventory . " using emerging ar technology , this new feature virtually transforms a space before picking up a brush , " said meghan vickers , sherwin-williams ' e-business marketing director , in a statement . " instant paint provides a fast , seamless way for homeowners and professionals to build confidence during color selection . " the app is even capable of virtually painting around outlets and wall hangings . but as you can see in the images below , the results are a bit uneven . nevertheless , the effect is enough to give users a sense of what to expect when the real painting work is done . marketing departments are increasingly seeing the value in using augmented reality for try-before-you-buy scenarios , such as cosmetics , furniture , and automobiles . however , the home improvement sector provides another level of utility , where buying decisions are often more impactful with regard to household upgrades and home decor investments.seeing how home improvements from water faucets and light fixtures to countertops and even awnings look can help consumers make more confident decisions . now , previewing paint color in real world contexts will give homeowners yet another virtual tool , while helping another company move units . cover image via
prince william joined prince harry and meghan markle at the anzac memorial services at westminster abbey today , just two days after welcoming a new baby with kate middleton . however , like all parents post-delivery , the duke of cambridge looked a bit tired after his first few days with the new addition . a video from the ceremony appeared to show the father-of-three having trouble keeping his eyes open during the service . in the full footage from the event , he was seen fidgeting and blinking frequently , and putting his head down for brief moments at a time . poor guy . we do n't blame him for wanting to catch some z 's . welcoming a third child to the family must be tough.some royal fans sympathized with the sleepy prince.people laughing at prince william dozing off during the ceremony do not know what it ’s like to spend the night with a newborn who does n’t let you sleep . become a parent first , then you ’ll find it admirable that he has shown up at the ceremony , which started really early — t. ( @teutabxl ) april 25 , 2018 who cares ? leave the poor guy alone . he has a new baby and two young children . i ’m surprised he was n’t sound asleep and snoring ! — jojo ( @tinbangerwife ) april 25 , 2018 the duke and duchess of cambridge also got to st. mary 's hospital , where the little prince was born , super early monday morning . though the baby was born at 6 a.m. local time , middleton arrived as early as 5:20 a.m. , sources told bazaar.com . after the service , the prince seemed perked up , as he was seen chatting with other guests in the abbey . the duke of cambridge offered a few updates on the royal newborn during today 's event . he did say " sleeping ’s going reasonably well so far " and joked that the baby 's " behaving himself . " he was also reportedly overheard discussing the infant 's name with australian high commissioner alexander downer . when he asked the prince , “ have you thought of the name alexander ? ” the duke of cambridge replied , “ well , it ’s funny you should say that , it 's a good name . " the quote left royal fans wondering , did he just give away the baby 's name ? while the rest of the public continues to guess on the baby 's moniker , we hope the duke and duchess of cambridge are getting some well-deserved rest .
the freezer aisle is a comforting place . while browsing , you pass dozens of flavors you know and have grown to love . at this point , those pints are almost like pals . they 've been cartons to lean on through the best of times and the worst of times . the same could be said about the cookie section , which is why you 'll want to befriend breyers ' new pint real quick : the ice cream is loaded with two of the best cookies of all time . the ice cream giant 's 2-in-1 oreo and chips ahoy ! flavor is made with vanilla and caramel and loaded with real pieces of both cookies . ( we 'll pause while you freak out ... all good now ? ) it 's part of the breyers ' 2-in-1 line , which up until now only included a reese 's and reese 's pieces combo . but along with the oreo and chips ahoy ! flavor , breyer 's dropped a snickers and m &amp; m 's tub and a heath and waffle cone one . alexandra folino / breyers the spring ice cream line-up was already looking great with good humor 's reese 's frozen bars and sour patch kids pops , but we 'll have to make room for these pints in the squad .
if your life ’s savings were visualised as $ 100 , how would the cash be distributed ? how , over the course of your life , would your lifetime earnings be split between food , housing costs , taxes , personal insurance and transport ? at some point in our lives we have asked ourselves the following question : ‘ where does all my money go ? ’ at lottoland , this is the question we sought to answer . get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . millions upon millions of us citizens receive the cash they ’ve worked hard for each pay day and spend it however they prefer . however , when we take a look at the big picture there are a few major categories that are constantly consuming most of your cash . perhaps unsurprisingly , we found that taxes take up most of the expense , with over $ 13 out of the total $ 100 lifetime earnings being paid back to the government . you ca n’t help but feel doleful when you imagine the savings you could have garnered if these major consumers were dropped out of the picture . lottoland acquired data from the bureau of labor statistics ’ most recent consumer expenditure report in an attempt to estimate how the average us citizen ’s earnings were dolled out between these major expenditure categories . to do this , several factors had to be taken into account : each expenditure category was firstly multiplied by 78.74 years , the national average life expectancy for people living in the us . we then calculated the size of each category relative to 100 in order to gain a better sense of each categories ’ contribution to the overall picture . as tax was excluded from the report , we ensured this and also student loan repayments were taken into account – each were calculated using national average tax payment amounts &amp; student loan debts , verified by reputable sites . cnbc , for example , recently published an article utilising data taken from comet financial intelligence , whom released a report indicating that the average student loan borrower owes $ 37,172 by the time they leave education . using a typical 10-year repayment plan and a fixed interest rate of 6.8 % ( the norm for graduates/professionals ) , means that by the time the loan is fully paid off , each student borrower will have paid around $ 51,333.19 . student loans are typically seen by recent graduates to be a major expense – interestingly , in the grand scheme of things a student loan ’s repayment is fairly minimal when compared to some of the other main expenditure categories . in fact , it placed bottom of our list . according to the irs ’s most recent preliminary data release concerning individual income tax returns , total income tax reached nearly $ 1.5 trillion in tax year 2015 . when divided by the total number of taxpayers ( 150.6 trillion ) , the average amount of tax assessed per taxpayer was estimated at around $ 9,655 ( as reported by the motley fool ) . although our source data works off averages , they still provide a rough idea of how the average us citizen distributes their money . when looking at the big picture , it appears that taxes top the list , closely followed by transportation , personal insurance &amp; pensions and owned dwellings , amounting in total to a 37.9 % drain on your overall life ’s earnings . as mentioned , student loan repayments came at the bottom of the list , equivalent to just 90 ¢ of your overall ( $ 100 ) earnings . other smaller categories included apparel &amp; services ; gasoline &amp; motor oil ; and entertainment and culture , all of which account for only 9.4 % of a us citizen ’s overall life earnings . for further details on each of the section , and for a pie chart that compares the relative sizes of these sections , see our infographic below . the study paints a fascinating insight into just how people in the united states spend their money . expenditure category us dollar ( $ ) taxes 13.7 transportation 12.8 personal insurance and pensions 9.7 owned dwellings 8.9 healthcare 6.5 food at home 5.7 rented dwellings 5.7 all other expenditures 5.6 vehicle purchases 5.1 food away from home 4.5 health insurance 4.5 misc . vehicle expenses 4.1 entertainment and culture 4.1 cash contributions 2.9 gasoline and motor oil 2.7 apparel and services 2.6 student loan 0.9 total 100 article by lottoland
google lens is a novel feature in its google photos app , one owners of google ’s pixel 2 smartphone have been able to enjoy since last october . on march 5 , however , google made a pleasant announcement : the google lens feature is spreading to other android and ios devices . google lens coming to android , ios devices google lens is a visual search engine , allowing you to use your phone ’s camera to take a snapshot of something – perhaps a landmark or a type of food – and then learn more about it . another luxury is lens ’ ability to scan and collect information ; for example , if you take a picture of an associate ’s business card , lens can then create a new contact on your device with the pertinent information loaded . similarly , lens can scan an address and look it up through google maps for you . android phones are gaining lens compatibility now , so download the latest version of the google photos app through the play store when you get the chance and enjoy watching your smartphone get a little smarter . google notes how ios support for their new tool is “ coming soon . ”
kanye west ’s tweet storm in the last few days has many believing he wants to run for president in 2024 . west sent twitter into a frenzy with his first tweet on tuesday . unsurprisingly , there were strong reactions to this post . kim take the wifi password , he ’s doing it again — ブレット ( @gei__jin ) april 25 , 2018 then he posted a formerly deleted picture of a “ keep america great ” poster with #kanye2024 . if west did decide to run for office in 2024 , it is n’t certain for which party he would run in . he did take a meeting with donald trump at the trump tower to discuss schools and the violence in chicago . he recently posted a tweet stating he loves “ the way candace owens thinks . ” owens is a conservative who is largely know for her critiques on black lives matter and has labeled those protesting against racial injustices as “ whiny toddlers , pretending to be oppressed for attention . ” ebro darden recalled a conversation he had with kanye allegedly stating his “ love ” for trump . recently , west tweeted a picture of a make america great again hat and had the caption , “ my maga hat is signed . ” trump responded to west saying they both “ are dragon energy ” and that “ he is my brother . ” trump said , “ thank you , kanye , very cool ! ”
“ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network , streaming and on demand . grey ’s anatomy season 14 episode 21 photos bad reputation . guest starring are debbie allen as catherine avery , stefania spampinato as carina deluca , sarah utterback as nurse olivia , jake borelli as levi schmitt , rushi kota as vik roy and jaicy elliot as taryn helm . “ bad reputation ” was written by mark driscoll and directed by kevin mckidd . “ grey ’s anatomy ” stars ellen pompeo as meredith grey , justin chambers as alex karev , chandra wilson as miranda bailey , james pickens jr. as richard webber , kevin mckidd as owen hunt , jessica capshaw as arizona robbins , jesse williams as jackson avery , sarah drew as april kepner , caterina scorsone as amelia shepherd , camilla luddington as jo wilson , kelly mccreary as maggie pierce and giacomo gianniotti as andrew deluca . “ grey ’s anatomy ” was created and is executive produced by shonda rhimes ( “ scandal , ” “ how to get away with murder ” ) . betsy beers ( “ scandal , ” “ how to get away with murder ” ) , mark gordon ( “ saving private ryan ” ) , krista vernoff ( “ shameless ” ) , william harper , zoanne clack , debbie allen and fred einesman are executive producers . “ grey ’s anatomy ” is produced by abc studios . “ grey ’s anatomy ” is broadcast in 720 progressive ( 720p ) , abc ’s selected hdtv format , with 5.1-channel surround sound . a tv parental guideline will be assigned to this program at a later date . follow grey ’s anatomy on instagram : https://www.instagram.com/greysabc grey ’s anatomy season 14 episode 21 photos bad reputation grey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) jaicy elliot , ellen pompeogrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) jesse williamsgrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) ellen pompeogrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) jaicy elliotgrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) stacy moseley , jesse williams , james pickens jr. , ellen pompeogrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) james pickens jr. , chandra wilsongrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) camilla luddingtongrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) ellen pompeo , jesse williamsgrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) jaicy elliot , ellen pompeo , jesse williamsgrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) ross riege ( director of photography ) , kevin mckidd ( director ) grey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) justin chambersgrey ’s anatomy – “ bad reputation ” – the hospital brings in crisis management to help them sort out allegations against harper avery . meanwhile , nurse olivia shows up at grey sloan with her son , throwing alex and jo for a loop ; and arizona decides to spend more time with sofia who is having a hard time at school , on “ grey ’s anatomy , ” thursday , april 26 ( 8:00-9:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eric mccandless ) camilla luddington , jake borelli
“ take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise , you will have the gift , the style , the sharpness , the clarity , and the emotions to affect other people . ” – jim rohncommunication is key to navigating life ’s many challenges . from romantic relationships to friendships to work situations , everyone should know how to communicate effectively . not everyone is the best at communicating . this is because communication is a skill that needs to be developed and practiced . if you find you ’re a little lacking in the communication department , have no fear . developing a few simple habits can help you become a better communicator . here are some of the best ways to learn and foster your communication skills.here are 5 habits that give you better communication skills 1 . start asking questionscommunication is about listening just as much as it is about talking . when someone is speaking , you want to take note of what they ’re saying . no , you do n’t need a clipboard or a notebook and pen . a good way to do this is to ask questions about what the other person is saying . of course , you do n’t want to bombard them with questions about every detail of what they ’re saying . at the same time , when you identify parts of the conversation you want to know more about and ask follow up questions , you are on the way to better communication .2 . say what you mean and mean what you saymargarita tartakovsky , m.s , says that having a more precise vocabulary will help you improve your communication skills . you want to make sure you ’re not leaving room for misinterpretation when you speak . two good rules to stand by are : do n’t say things that you think other people want to hear , and do n’t say things that you do n’t want to stand behind . part of having good communication skills is saying what you mean and meaning what you say . you will be able to communicate your ideas much more clearly when you use precise language and do n’t waffle on what you mean . 3 . use your body languagebody language is an amazing tool when it comes to communication . thankfully , our bodies are usually pretty good at communicating on their own . still , if you want to have better communication skills , you should have an idea of what types of body language will help you express yourself clearly . for example , try to avoid crossing your arms when talking . this can make you seem very closed off , and not open to new ideas . another way to use body language is to subtly copy the person with whom you ’re speaking . it helps put the other person at ease and develop a rapport .4 . listenyou really want to actively listen when other people talk . listening is key when it comes to becoming a better communicator . do n’t just wait for your turn to talk . a lot of people confuse “ listening ” with “ hearing . ” sure , you hear what another person is saying , but are you taking in what ’s being said ? what is the emotional state of the person talking ? can you tell the things they ’re not saying , despite what they are saying ? it ’s important to learn how to listen if you want to improve your communication skills . after all , you need to be able to respond accurately in order to communicate in the first place .5 . acknowledge first ; speak secondwhen it comes to communicating , a good communicator always knows to acknowledge what has just been said before taking the opportunity to speak . for example , you can simply say , “ yes , i hear what you ’re saying … ” and then go on to speak . better yet , acknowledge specific parts of what the other person has said to show that you ’ve been utilizing your listening skills . “ i understand that … ” or , “ so , what you ’re saying is … ” are good phrases to practice when it comes to this part of communicating.not only will the other person feel heard , but they will more likely to listen to what you have to say as well . when communicating , it ’s important to make the other person want to listen to you as much as they want to speak.final thoughtsthese are some of the best habits to practice when you ’re trying to become better at communication . they ’re all things that are practical in every conversation , especially debate or arguments . finally , one of the most important habits is practice . you always want to practice your communication skills . luckily , you can do this daily , with people that you talk to throughout your day ! no need to wait for a special moment to freshen up your good communication habits . references : https://psychcentral.com/blog/6-strategies-to-become-a-better-communicator/
you 're out shopping and see a shirt with a funky design . up until now you 've always chosen dark and neutral colors not wanting to offend anyone 's palate , but today you decide that 's too boring and want to take a risk . you have some trepidation but finally wear your eye-catching shirt out in public ... and then the worst thing happens . it turns out this is the same design your school uses for the carpet , or some cheap restaurant uses in their booths . now you 're unwittingly part of the scenery . scroll though to see 14 people who accidentally blended into their surroundings . let us know in the comments which one was the most ridiculous . 1 . this cosby sweater is called " restaurant booth " 2 . she is by the sea ... see ? 3 . just a couch4 . tile tuesdays ! 5 . that 's an ugly pattern on any item 6 . his feet have disappeared 7 . was this one on purpose ? 8 . she 's mortified to be part of the floor pattern 9 . discount hotel chic 10 . when life imitates art 11 . his socks have the same speckled design 12 . another one fading into the water 13 . hopefully these are n't going in the trash 14 . she gets to ride the bus for freewhich of these did you think was the coolest ?
“ a taco bowl and a tubby seamstress ” – christy is concerned that she and bonnie might lose their apartment when bonnie locks horns with the tough new building owner , rita ( patti lupone ) , on mom , thursday , april 26 ( 9:01-9:30 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . mom season 5 episode 19 photos a taco bowl and a tubby seamstress . anna faris and emmy award winner allison janney star in this often heart-wrenching comedy from executive producer chuck lorre ( the big bang theory , “ two and a half men , ” “ mike &amp; molly , ” young sheldon ) . christy is a single mom who , after years of questionable choices , is now sober and trying to get her life on track . she ’s tested daily by her mother , bonnie , who christy still considers the root of her troubles , even though she has also gotten sober . now mother and daughter are working to overcome their mistakes and build a better future for their family . christy has gone back to school and is pursuing her dream of becoming a lawyer , while bonnie attempts to have a healthy romantic relationship with her boyfriend , adam , and figure out what she wants to be when she grows up . through all this , christy and bonnie rely on their support system from aa , including wise marjorie , the wealthy and sometimes misguided jill and the overly emotional wendy . together , they help each other stay sober and face whatever life throws at them . regular cast : anna faris ( christy ) allison janney ( bonnie ) mimi kennedy ( marjorie ) jaime pressly ( jill ) beth hall ( wendy ) william fichtner ( adam ) guest cast : patti lupone ( rita ) charlie robinson ( mr. munson ) story by : nick bakay , marco pennette and warren bell teleplay by : eddie gorodetsky , adam chase and alissa neubauer directed by : james widdoes “ a taco bowl and a tubby seamstress ” — christy is concerned that she and bonnie might lose their apartment when bonnie locks horns with the tough new building owner , rita ( patti lupone ) , on mom , thursday , april 26 ( 9:01-9:30 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . pictured l to r : allison janney as bonnie and mimi kennedy as marjorie . photo : richard cartwright/cbs ã  â © 2018 cbs broadcasting , inc. all rights reserved
voxx international ( voxx ) is a manufacturer and distributor of electronic products . the company operates in three segments : automotive , premium audio , and consumer accessories . get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . " the automotive segment designs , manufactures , distributes and markets rear-seat entertainment devices , satellite radio products , automotive security , remote start systems , digital tv tuners , mobile antennas , mobile multimedia devices , aftermarket/oe-styled radios , car-link smartphone telematics applications , collision avoidance systems and location-based services . the premium audio segment designs , manufactures , distributes and markets home theater systems , high-end loudspeakers , outdoor speakers , ipod/computer speakers , business music systems , cinema speakers , flat panel speakers , bluetooth speakers , soundbars , headphones and dlna ( digital living network alliance ) compatible devices . the consumer accessories segment designs , manufactures , markets and distributes remote controls ; wireless and bluetooth speakers ; singtrix karaoke products ; 360 fly ® action cameras ; eyelock iris identification and security-related products ; personal sound amplifiers ; and a/v connectivity , portable/home charging , reception and digital consumer products . " source 10k voxx founded in 1960 as audiovox by john shalam the current chairman and controlling shareholder . multiple deep value attributes make voxx international a solid investment idea.deep value qualities include but not limited . 1 ) the market price of $ 4.70 is 87 % of its ncav of 5.36 . 2 ) year over year enterprise value 60 % decline versus a market price drop of only 5 % from 04/20/17 to 04/20/18 . the sale of voxx 's hirschmann subsidiary for 170m reported on 08/31/17 used to pay down voxx debt and hence reduction of enterprise value ignored by the market . 3 ) hidden asset recorded on balance sheet below market value . a 50 % ownership of profitable automotive distributor asa . for the most recent 10k year ending 02/28/2017 equity in income reported for asa was 6,797,000 . the asa investment is recorded on the balance sheet below market value at $ 21,926,000 . voxx owns 9 operating facilities or offices located in new york , indiana , florida , and arkansas in the united states , as well as in germany , venezuela and hungary . investment securities on the book for 10,388,000 . 4 ) trailing twelve-month gross profit of 207.13 m versus the current enterprise value of 90.54 m or market value of 114.94 m. 5 ) stable outstanding share count of 24.43 m as of 02/2014 versus the most recent quarter of 24.20 m. 6 ) tangible book value per share was 5.62 as of feb 2014 versus 04/20/18 value of 9.74 per share . debt per share was 4.71 as of 04/2014 versus the most recent quarter value of .70 per share . below is historical data from the year ending 02/2014 to current reported on 01/09/18 quarterly results report a growing profitable company with a strong balance sheet and significant opportunities ahead . the operational plan for 2018 is to find accretive acquisitions and possibly monetize assets . voxx continues to innovate as shown above by its product listing taken from the 10k . eyelock is a financial drain and rolls up into the consumer accessory segment . november 30 , 2017 eyelock lost $ 3.9 million compared to a net loss of $ 4.8 million in last year 's third quarter . but , management forecasts a positive future for eyelock . it offers an iris-based level of security . all options considered as it pertains to the eyelock situation such as licensing or divesting . lastly , an authorization plan is in place to purchase up to 1.4 million shares . share repurchases most balance with the goal of acquiring longer-term investments . positive 2017 insider activity ; 11,000 shares traded for $ 49,500 or $ 4.50 per share . value institutional holders include kahn brothers , dimensional fund advisors , chuck royce and others . risks : poor acquisitions made with the available credit and cash . managment controls the board with class b shares . this closely held ownership reduces the influence of outside shareholders . long : voxx article by shadow stocks
you ever get customer service that 's so bad you just know that the person helping you does n't care about their job ? well that that and multiply it by 10 because that 's the kind of effort the people in the pictures below are giving . they are beyond mailing-it-in , and have given up trying long ago . luckily , it makes for some hilarious pictures taken at opportune times . scroll through to see 13 photos of people failing at the workplace . be sure to leave a comment and let us know which one was the funniest . 1 . in case of emergency , hit snooze 2 . when you realize you missed a spot 3 . when your job starts to make cutbacks ... literally 4 . well this is dangerous 5 . " i 'm just resting my eyes " 6 . when the product 's name is a lie 7 . this is what verizon employees do on retreats 8 . when you use the wrong type of soap 9 . sharknado ! 10 . might want to use that ladder and get out while you can 11 . could you guys pick up the pace a bit ? 12 . " yes no problem , just let me look that up for you " 13 . shallow end which of these did you like the most ?
everyone would want to grow and thrive in the middle of a warm and loving family . especially if every member of the family has a closeness , certainly a moment of togetherness of a quality family will be created.for parents , close to the child will provide many benefits , one of which is to create calm and reduce stress . as for children , closeness to parents affects the psychological side and creates wonderful memories with parents.the warmth and happiness of a family in addition can be felt by each family member , can also be depicted in a work of art . one of them illustrates the work of talented artist , snezhana soosh . she is known as an artist who is able to describe the unseen but very important things like love , support , and happiness.reporting from the account of brightside and instagram @vskafandre account , the following illustrations snezhana soosh illustrates the family . warm and loving ! 1 . the family is everything . we are happy because we are together .2 . because we keep each other ... 3 . and care about each other ’s comfort . ^_^ 4 . busy preparing a surprise for mom .5 . the desire of a child , although sometimes simple and not easy , but will always be attempted to be realized by parents . : ) 6 . happy moment awaits the birth of the baby .7 . helping one another .8 . if not a child , who else will take care of an aging mother . ^_^ 9 . compact team when there is one member of the sick . :) ) 10 . cuddle though be a simple thing but could be a remedy to eliminate fatigue and boosters when there is a problem .11 . having fun with my brother and sisters is a memorable memory of my childhood .12 . preparing for the birth of the baby by doing many things , decorate the room for example .13 . when someone helps us carry a heavy backpack . ^_^ 14 . helping mom by feeding my siblings .15 . the story , want to help mom cook ... 16 . help daddy drying clothes .17 . happiness is when we can fall asleep and wake up beside our loved ones . ^_^ * sorry , if there is a mistake in writing
microsoft ’s first attempt to create a lighter version of windows 10 – which it dubbed windows 10 s – did n’t go so well , because it did away with the platform ’s best feature : its ability to run a crapton of legacy apps . now , it ’s taking another shot with windows 10 lean . that ’s from the folks at windows central , which reports that the upcoming variant of the os will be 2gb lighter than standard installations of windows 10 home or windows 10 pro . according to the outlet ’s sources , the idea is to be able to fit the os and support updates on low-end laptops and tablets with 16gb of storage . to that end , it wo n’t come with certain components , like the registry editor , paint , 3d viewer , skype , people and internet explorer . however , it wo n’t be crippled like windows 10 s , and will support legacy apps from beyond the microsoft store . the upcoming variant , which was spotted in the latest redstone 5 builds , is said to still be in the works and buggy – so it might be a while before it ’s officially announced , and there ’s every chance that microsoft might change its plans to release it . we ’ve contacted microsoft to learn more and will update this post when we learn more . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
new york giants pro bowl safety landon collins underwent surgery to repair his injured right forearm on monday.when landon collins fractured his right forearm in during the new york giants 23-0 loss in week 16 to the arizona cardinals , he had surgery shortly thereafter , hoping that he would be able to resume football activities in the spring.but the forearm has n’t been healing as quickly as collins hoped and on monday , he had a second surgery on his forearm , with a plate inserted to help the broken forearm heal . “ i hate surgery , ” collins wrote in a text message to northjersey.com ’s art stapleton . “ and then i ’m thinking i ’m fine and excited about this season , being on the field for [ organized team activities ] . it ’s a bone . it ’s going to come back stronger , so it should n’t affect nothing i ’m trying to do [ moving forward ] . ” athletes dread having surgery , but the good news for collins is that the expected recovery time is six-to-eight weeks , which means he should be fully healed when training camp opens in july.collins is as important to the giants defense as odell beckham jr is to the offense . he ’s led the team in tackles in each of his three seasons in the league.despite battling nagging injuries all of last season , collins recorded 104 tackles , had two interceptions , and was voted to his second pro bowl team.the 24-year-old is entering the final year of his rookie contract , and re-signing him to a long-term deal will be a top priority for dave gettleman next offseason.but first , collins needs to recover from surgery and once again display that he ’s one of the best safeties in the league as he looks to help the team rebound from a 3-13 season . if the new york giants were going to get bad news on the health of one of their … for the second game in a row , new york giants safety landon collins was named nfc defensive player … new york giants safety landon collins tweeted out an apology to teammate eli apple after calling him " a …
former radio partner chris russo calls mike francesa a “ horse ’s fanny ” for his attempted comeback play to officially return to the airwaves on wfan.listen , there ’s no way around it . mike francesa absolutely looks horrible right now.after just months away from his regular afternoon-drive gig on wfan — the place he became a sports radio legend for nearly 30 years — the sports pope has made it known he ’s ready for a return , via andrew marchand of the new york post . “ i ’m not answering questions about any specific stations , ” francesa told the post during a five-minute conversation . though those were the words he officially placed on the record , it ’s clear he misses the spotlight and is after a wfan return , notes marchand.he could have stayed at wfan in a reduced time-slot , but declined , leading to a long retirement dance leading up to his last show in december.chris “ mad dog ” russo , his long-time “ mike and the mad dog ” radio partner who ’s firmly planted at sirius/xm with his own channel , chimed in on tuesday with accurate words even francesa would n’t dare wave away as fictitious.russo claims mike ’s current comeback actions resemble the sports pope as a “ horse ’s fanny . ” the trio of chris carlin , maggie gray and bart scott — the team that replaced francesa at wfan — lost a slim ratings battle to espn radio ny ’s “ the michael kay show ” for the winter ratings block . it marks the first time in history the espn drive-time show outdueled wfan ’s version . francesa never once lost.this francesa comeback talk is as predictable as the pope returning to wfan in his old spot . as russo mentions , eventually , it ’s going to happen . perhaps a 3 p.m. et to 6 or 7 role with the current trio going just three hours from noon to 3 . ladies and gentlemen , horse ’s ass or not , mike francesa seems to be wfan-bound again , eventually . on saturday , at francesacon 3 , mike francesa and christopher " mad dog " russo were briefly reunited on stage.new jersey governor chris christie could replace sports radio host mike francesa at wfan after francesa steps down.mike francesa , the sports pope of new york city , will be leaving wfan after his contract expires in …
tuesday was an uncharacteristically quiet day for the new york knicks . the coaching search continues , but this will take time.yet another day has passed with little movement on the coaching search for the new york knicks . the search for the new head coach continues and there is no indication that anyone on the current list has been taken off the list.here is the current list of candidates : i ’m sure for some fans , this coaching search feels like it is dragging on — but it ’s really not . although it feels like it happened forever ago , jeff hornacek was let go less than two weeks ago.the best thing steve mills and scott perry can do is take their time . it ’s a phrase that gets overused way too much this time of year , but the team is doing their “ due diligence ” in their coaching search.they likely wo n’t make any big decisions for at least another week or two . they will have to wait and see if any quality coaches get fired for not being able to win a playoff series . that ’s unlikely — but that patience is necessary when you ’re doing your due diligence.and even putting the waiting game aside , the process of hiring a head coach can be a grueling process for a front office . mike vorkunov of the athletic wrote a very insightful piece detailing some of the ins and outs of a head coaching search from inside the front office.any time an organization is hiring a new head coach , they hope they are finding a gregg popovich or a steve kerr , that can guide the franchise to multiple championships . they really want to get to know the guy they ’re hiring and make sure he is the guy and not just some guy.and it might not be a guy at all . justin birnbaum of esny proposed the idea of the organization going after spurs assistant coach , becky hammon . a female head coach is coming sooner or later , but at least for now , it does n’t look like hammon is on the short list.follow danny small on twitter the new york knicks are playing their hand slowly thus far , but out of the numerous candidates , a few … reports regarding the new york knicks coaching search are swirling . the list contains big names , familiar faces , and … new york knicks future backcourt frank ntilikina and tim hardaway jr. working out together is a good sign …
the new york giants are looking to part ways with former first-round pick ereck flowers , according to reports.ereck flowers ’ days with the new york giants might be numbered.espn ’s jordan raanan reports that the giants may try to trade flowers for a draft pick in this year ’s nfl draft which begins on thursday.flowers has had his fair share of struggles at the left tackle position ever since the giants selected him with the ninth overall pick in the 2015 nfl draft.pass protection has been flowers ’ biggest issue on the field , as he ’s failed to provide quarterback eli manning much protection on his blindside . manning was sacked 31 times in 2017 , many which were the result of flowers and former teammate bobby hart ‘ s struggles at both tackle positions.flowers ’ work ethic came into question last season . reports of his lack of effort and bad attitude in the locker room came into question during the last week of the season when flowers , who was dealing with a groin injury , did n’t even try to give it a go in practice that week.flowers did not play in the giants ’ season finale against the washington redskins.flowers will be making the switch from left to right tackle this season . nate solder , who signed a mega four-year , $ 62 million deal as a free agent , will be the team ’s new starter at left tackle.it seems from the ways things ended last season and the signing of solder has made flowers unhappy.he ’s has not participated in the team ’s offseason workout program this spring , which raanan reports “ does n’t appear to be received well ” by the giants coaching staff.flowers is scheduled to make $ 2.4 million in 2018 . he can become an unrestricted free agent after this season if the giants decide not to pick up the fifth-year option on his rookie contract.though he has struggled at left tackle during his nfl career , flowers does possess the size and skill to be a solid run blocker on the right side of an offensive line in the nfl . his character issues , though , may make him very tough to trade for the giants , said an nfl executive . “ i would n’t mess with him , ” one personnel executive with an nfc team told raanan . “ i would n’t want him in the building . sounds like he ’s not worth the trouble . ” ( photo by thearon w. henderson/getty images ) competing with flowers for the giants ’ starting right tackle job are chad wheeler and adam bisnowaty.both have some nfl experience , with wheeler having the most , starting in five games for the giants last season and he showed some promise during his rookie season.the giants do n’t need to trade flowers , but if they feel he ’s not a guy they want in their locker room , wheeler may be a nice option instead at right tackle . drafting a right tackle in the draft is another possibility.follow steven bassin on twitter new york giants offensive lineman ereck flowers has finally received a ruling regarding his locker room encounter with … new york giants tackle ereck flowers hinted that he does n't miss his old coach . could tensions have cooled … new york giants lt ereck flowers let his emotions spill over on an espn reporter after the packers …
how do you follow up a 14-run outburst ? put eight up on the same team the next night , just like the yankees did as they move to four games over .500 . new york yankees 8 ( 13-9 ) minnesota twins 3 ( 8-10 ) w : c.c. sabathia ( 1-0 , 1.86 era ) l : jose berrios ( 2-2 , 2.84 era ) al , final , box scoreyankee stadium , bronx , new yorkfor the second straight night , the new york yankees pummeled the minnesota twins 8-3 , thanks to four more long balls hit by the bomber bats this evening.c.c . sabathia was up to his old tricks , as the veteran lefty completely silenced the twins ’ bats in rout to his 20th victory against this minnesota team in his career . gary sanchez led the way with another multi-home run night as he and the baby bombers brought their current winning streak up to four games.early deficitafter cc sabathia retired brian dozier on just one pitch to begin the night , the minnesota twins put together a scoring rally that gave them an early lead on the big lefty.sabathia issued a two-out walk to miguel sano , who came around to score when the next batter eduardo escobar drilled a double into right field that saw aaron judge bobble the ball to allow sano to come all the way around from first to make it 1-0 minnesota.again , after needing just one pitch to get through the first batter , sabathia ended up needing to hurl 22 pitches to get out of the first frame.history madewhen cc sabathia struck out gary sanchez ’s best friend logan morrison in the top of the second , the big lefty tied jim bunning for 17th place on the all-time strikeout list at 2,855 career punch outs . congrats , big guy.gary sanchez puts the gs in gpsafter sabathia worked a 1-2-3 second inning , gary sanchez took a berrios fastball and deposited it into the right-field seats for a game-tying solo shot . it ’s worth noting that berrios struck out three consecutive batters before serving up the sanchez equalizer . what a way to buck that trend.back in frontwith the yankees tying the game up in the second ; they set their sites on jumping back in front in the bottom of the third , and that ’s exactly what they did.brett gardner got things started with a one-out walk , advancing to third on an aaron judge double . then , the league leader in rbi sir didi gregorius added another one to his tally when he smoked a single to left that plated gardner to give the yanks a one-run advantage.then in the bottom of the fourth , rookie sensation gleyber torres collected his first big league steak when he stung a single up the middle that scored neil walker to extend their lead out to two . although he was able to get a double play to escape the fourth , berrios needed to use 87 pitches before starting the fifth inning.yes in-didii ca n’t even make this stuff up , but didi gregorius did it again.the long ball was didi ’s team-leading eighth blast of the season , raising his al-leading rbi total to 27 . he is most definitely making this sports writer look like a genius since i predicted that the shortstop would make his first all-star team this year.cc stands for completely cruisingeven though his counterpart was getting roughed up tonight , carsten charles sabathia was once again sensational . the veteran sailed through six frames of one-run ball , allowing just two hits with one walk and four strikeouts.coming out to relieve sabathia to begin the seventh , dellin betances ’ season-long struggles continued as the righty was subject to the third and fourth errors of the night for new york that led to minnesota scoring another run to make the score 5-2 . when manager aaron boone came out to get his 6-foot-8 reliever , the bronx faithful surely let betances hear it : giancarlo style.david robertson was called upon to save the day after betances ’ miserable appearance and proceeded to get a strikeout and a comebacker ground out to end the minnesota threat and the frame.bombs awayjust when it felt like the twins were making a comeback , aaron judge got that run back in the bottom of the seventh . and it goes a little something like this.not to be outdone by his friend , gary sanchez said , “ i ’ll have another . ” the second home run by sanchez brought the yankees season total to seven multi-home run games this season , tops in all of baseball and the only team in major league history to ever do it in their first 22 games of a season . sanchez also became the youngest player in the history of the game to collect nine multi-home run games.if gary is indeed heating up ; look out , american league.despite chasen shreve surrendering another run to minnesota in the top of the eighth to make it 8-3 , jonathan holder came on to close the door on minnesota ’s hopes of making a comeback.with a victory tomorrow , the yankees would lock down their second consecutive four-game series victory . headed to the bump in attempts to collect that w will be right-hander sonny gray ( 1-1 , 8.27 era ) , who will be looking to try and right the ship on his 2018 campaign . minnesota sends their offseason acquisition lance lynn ( 0-1 , 6.00 era ) to the mound to try and silence this rolling yankee offense . first pitch is scheduled for 6:35 pm/est and can be seen on the yes network and heard on wfan 660/101 .9 fm . coming off a drubbing at the hands of phil huges and the minnesota twins , c.c. sabathia and the …
nick mangold officially retired with the new york jets , but the organization may not have seen the last of the all-pro center on 1 jets drive . after a marvelous 11-year career nick mangold officially signed a one-day contract to retire a member of the new york jets . mangold said it was the third contract he had signed , but the first time he signed one while holding his child.the presser lasted 1082 seconds , not nearly enough time to tell the full mangold story . but here ’s a spoiler alert , the story may not be over just yet . you may want to call this next chapter a mystery because nothing has been confirmed , but just enough to titillate the senses.if you remember in his retirement announcement on social media he gave us this juicy nugget : “ my biggest regret is not bringing the lombardi trophy to new york , but , as i retire , i will continue my efforts to bring the trophy home in a different capacity . i have no idea what that capacity is but i ’m sure i will figure something out in the future . ” a different capacity you say ? like coaching or a personnel role perhaps?i feel sad for guys like mangold who gave everything he had to this organization and got on the doorstep a few times , but could n’t come away with that lombardi trophy . but the thought that mangold could suit back up for the jets , not in a uniform , but maybe in a suit and tie is actually exciting . “ well my golf game has really suffered because of football , so i ’m looking forward to improving that . but after that , i do n’t know . it ’s funny that you retire and your ‘ career ’ is over at 34 when there ’s so much left to do . i do n’t know what the future holds . right now i ’m enjoying my time with my kids and i ’m going to continue doing that . ” he was noncommittal , but the social media post speaks volumes . he is n’t quite ready to jump from his playing career to the coaching staff just yet.i mean mangold still has n’t technically even graduated college yet , so he ’s going to go back and do that . mangold is going to enjoy time with his kids , but he revealed he ’s staying in the area and is n’t going anywhere.thank goodness … it reminds me of the chad pennington situation . i spoke with multiple people close to pennington and the only reason he is n’t back in an official capacity with the team is because of his kids and his coaching duties locally . but when his kids grow up a little bit and when he feels ready , i fully anticipate that pennington will return to the organization , most likely in a coaching role.while mangold could certainly join the front office or as a coach . i mean this offensive line needs work and even if mangold waits a few years , the offensive line will still probably need work . the door will always be open for former players to come back . this is also a good message to other former players that there ’s always a home on 1 jets drive.i think acting owner christopher johnson put it best , ‘ mangold will be a new york jet forever . ’ according to nick mangold himself , he has been released by the new york jets on saturday.new york jets center nick mangold says he 'll be with the team that drafted him next season and … only nick mangold could turn an unfortunate situation into gold . check out his tweet once he found out …
mike budenholzer is showing serious interest in the new york knicks . now the question on everyone ’s minds : is the feeling mutual?mike budenholzer is currentely the atlanta hawk ’s head coach , but it looks like he is eyeing madison square garden as his next office . according to reports from the new york post ’s marc berman , budenholzer ’s desired destination for next season is with the new york knicks . berman spoke to an nba source who would go on to say : “ new york ’s his top choice , ’’ the nba source said . “ if they offered him the job , he ’d say yes . he wants to live in new york . ’’ if this is true , the knicks will have the opportunity to sign a former coach of the year that had big success in atlanta before the organization decided to hit a full reset on the future of the team . budenholzer does not want to sit around through another season where the end game is a high lottery pick . “ phoenix and the knicks are trying to win every game , ’’ said the nba source , who has spoken to budenholzer recently . “ there ’s a good chance atlanta is not looking to win games the next two years . this was n’t mike ’s decision . he did n’t expect it . he does n’t want to lose games . ’’ the odd part about this story is that many people do not expect the knicks to compete next season . while they may not be in full-tank mode like the hawks , they are going to struggle for the better part of the year without kristaps porzingis.although if new york really is budenholzer ’s “ top choice ” that might signal that he thinks the knicks may be closer to a return to prominence that many think . getting the lottery pick this summer right , further development of the young corps , and cap space in 2019 could all be factors on budenholzer ’s mind.if the knicks do decide to hire budenholzer , they will need to compensate atlanta with either draft picks or monetary compensation . but budenholzer could be worth whatever compensation they may have to give up.follow danny small on twitter with the new york knicks looking for a new president , many have speculated that the former boss , isiah … on a very nondescript day in the big city , new york knicks rookie kristaps porzingis hit the airwaves … the boston celtics are looking to move reserve point guard marcus smart , and the new york knicks have …
man ’s best friend – are you wondering how some pooches got that weird but cool look ? well it ’s from someone hooking a breed up with other breeds to the point of where it caused the dogs to look … well , different . there ’s nothing creepier than a hairless pup and imagine that look on a giant dog . not to mention one that is hairless except for certain spots . the good thing is , these usually do n’t get fleas and you do n’t have to worry about them shedding . however , you do have some that have so much fur , you ca n’t tell whether they are coming or going , some with extra long fur and some with fur that looks matted . here are some of the most bizarre looking and surprisingly adorable dog breeds.bedlington terrierthis adorably fluffy dog was originally bred in england to hunt rats.pulioriginally , the hungarian puli was bred to be a type of flock herding dog . it ’s adorableness kind of lost the intimidation appeal.chinese crestthese dogs date back to the 13th century , and only have hair on their paws , tail and head.peruvian inca orchidthis one is a breed of dog with its origins in pre-inca peruvian cultures . it is one of several breeds of hairless dog.russian toythey ’re one of the smallest breeds in the world , measuring between only 8-10 inches and weighing 3-6 pounds.chuskysomeone thought it would be a good idea to mix a chow chow and a siberian husky . this is a definite win because it ’s both adorable and cuddly.bergamasco shepherdthe bergamasco originated in the italian alps and was used mainly as a herding dog and weighs between 71-84 pounds.catalburunthis native of turkey is one of only three dog breeds that possess the split nose feature.komondorthe komondor is sometimes called the mop dog because their fur can grow up to 27 cm long , which is the longest of any breed of dog.shih-pooit is a cross between the shih-tzu and the poodle . although he does n’t need loads of exercise , he is spunky when he wants to play .
fluffy animals seem to get all the love . when it comes to our furry friends , it seems the furrier and the fluffier , the better . but some animals break the mold and live a care-free , hair-free life . it ’s a little bit startling to see an animal normally covered in thick , black fur , or a bird who usually dons a feathery coat reduced to just their bare skin . however , bald creatures offer an interesting perspective into the animal world , as these 17 animals look like nothing you ’ve ever seen before.chickenluckily , this chicken ’s lack of feathers does n’t seem to affect its self confidence and it still struts proudly.rabbitthis sweet little guy was born in 2009 and was totally bald . you ’ll be pleased to know he ended up growing a normal coat of fur as he aged.penguinthis penguin was born bald and its mother rejected him . thankfully , zookeepers took special care of him so he could grow up strong and healthy.ferretferrets tend to be kept indoors as pets , so this bald ferret should still be plenty warm without its fur.chimpanzeechimpanzees , much like humans , sometimes suffer from alopecia which makes them lose their hair.wombatwombats are usually kept in their mother ’s pouch until they are seven months old and have some fur . this little wombat was orphaned early on before it could grow hair , but it still grew up to be a normal wombat.rathairless rats are actually pretty common as pets , but they ’re also used by scientists for studying diseases.guinea pigthis bald guinea pig looks more like a tiny hippopotamus than it does a rodent.squirrelsometimes squirrels get mites , just like many other animals , and it causes them to lose their hair.raccoonwild animals often suffer from mange which causes their hair to fall out , and that is what is believed to have happened to this raccoon.monkey
things have n’t gone quite as well for the new york mets ever since they lost in heartbreaking fashion to the washington nationals just over a week ago . is this a temporary issue or is there more to it?there are so many games during the mlb season that a successful team does n’t have time to examine each contest . however , there are certain outcomes — like the new york mets loss to the washington nationals on april 16 — that can linger and take away good or bad momentum , swinging the pendulum.back on april 16 , the mets and ace jacob degrom took a 6-1 lead over the nationals into the eighth inning at citi field . after allowing two of the first three batters in the top of the eighth to reach base , manager mickey callaway pulled degrom and called upon seth lugo.lugo lasted just one batter , throwing nothing but balls and walking trea turner to load the bases . callaway then went to left-handed specialist jerry blevins , who promptly served up a two-run single to bryce harper . callaway once again went to the mound and replaced blevins with a.j. ramos . ramos struck out ryan zimmerman but then allowed a single to pedro severino and walked pinch-hitter ( and former met ) matt reynolds , making it a 6-4 game.having seen enough of ramos , callaway went to his closer , jeurys familia , to get a four-out save . such a situation separates the true closers from the phony ones . callaway had already used familia two previous times in the eighth inning this season.he had been unhittable up to this point , totaling 10 innings , saving seven games , allowing just four hits , not allowing a run and striking out 12 . however , on this day , he was off . familia allowed his first three batters to reach base , turning a 6-4 lead into a 7-6 deficit.as the mets came to bat in the bottom of the eighth , they saw a possible 13-2 record and seven-game lead over the defending national league east champions slipping away . the nationals added a run in the top of the ninth to defeat the mets 8-6 . mets fans were interested to see callaway , a rookie manager , would handle his first failure as skipper . after all , up until that point , most of his pitching changes worked . is the bullpen being overused?before degrom ’s start against washington , zack wheeler was the only mets starter to go longer than six innings in a game . that the bullpen imploded in an outing that saw a mets starter go deeper than any of his rotation-mates was ironic.could callaway be using his bullpen too much ? monday ’s loss to the nationals was a perfect example of over-managing . using four pitchers trying to hold a five-run lead seemed a bit desperate.including that loss to the nationals , the mets bullpen has gone 2-2 with a 9.00 era , 1.84 whip and blown two saves over their past six games . prior to that , the mets bullpen was 6-0 with a 1.52 era , 1.11 whip and had blown just two saves in 14 games.we ’ve yet to reach may and already , four relievers have appeared in at least 50 percent of the teams ’ games . three have appeared in over 60 percent . how long can that hold up ? jeurys familia has already been asked to record a four-out save four times.unfortunately for callaway , this is the result of being a manager . when you are winning , all your moves make you look like a genius that re-invented the game . when you are losing , you have no idea how to manage a game.new managers can tend to put too much emphasis on each game and manage like it ’s the postseason . while it ’s never acceptable to give away games , sometimes a win at all cost mindset is n’t good for the team over the course of 162 games . how callaway handles his pitching changes the rest of the season will be interesting to see.as the mets prepare for their series at st. louis starting on tuesday , they finally have a few days to rest their beleaguered bullpen , as their rainout on sunday has given them two days off.with their abundant young arms in the rotation , the mets should start to see their starters stretch out their innings as the weather gets warmer . if that does n’t happen , the mets bullpen could face what happened last season with guys being burned out by june . the biggest positive coming out of the sweep of the washington nationals for the new york mets had … the new york mets are still interested in a move that would bring chicago white sox closer david …
yesterday on the southern lawn of the white house in washington , a ceremony of greeting the president of franceon april 23 , french president emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte arrived on their first official visit to the united states . emmanuel and bridget macron visited the lincoln memorial , and then headed to the white house , where they were expected by donald and melania trump . bridget macron and melania trump demonstrated stylish and spectacular images.yesterday , on the southern lawn of the white house in washington , a ceremony of greeting the french president took place . the official event was attended by ivanka trump with her husband jared kushner.ivanka trump admired in an elegant way . for the greeting ceremony , donald trump 's eldest daughter chose a black dress from the new oscar de la renta collection.his elegant outfit ivanka added large earrings with pearls and lacquered boats.on april 23 , french president emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte arrived on their first official visit to the united states . emmanuel and bridget macron visited the lincoln memorial , and then headed to the white house , where they were expected by donald and melania trump . bridget macron and melania trump demonstrated stylish and spectacular images.yesterday , on the southern lawn of the white house in washington , a ceremony of greeting the french president took place . the official event was attended by ivanka trump with her husband jared kushner.ivanka trump admired in an elegant way . for the greeting ceremony , donald trump 's eldest daughter chose a black dress from the new oscar de la renta collection.his elegant outfit ivanka added large earrings with pearls and lacquered boats .
korea is not just about k-drama or k-pop just you know . but south korea is also known to have a variety of desserts are delicious and beautiful to look at.for those of you who love watching k-drama or korean variety shows , you must be familiar with some desserts below . but for you who do not know , you can listen . 10 korean-style desserts that you do not want to eat , but you also want to capture them into photos and upload them on instagram , and instantly want to go there . what 's it like ? let 's look at the reviews collected from various sources below ! 1 . line macarons at line friends store and cafe in seoul2 . travel to smtown coex artium continue to buy this exo ice cream .3 . or a cool shinee cupcake .4 . waffle shaped keyboard is really unique right ? available at the nexon computer museum .5 . fishcake ice cream from a-boong also looks yummy yes ! 6 . hang-out to frank 's cafe to enjoy the distinctive rainbow cake .7 . or taste ' mendl 's courtesan au chocolat ' . make a saliva drips right ? 8 . if the weather is hot , best suited to enjoy patbingsu aka red shredded beans okrumong typical .9 . well if this one can be found in many stores in south korea , banana uyu or banana milk .10 . enjoy this honey toasted bread , most delicious meal at caffe bene , seoul . because the recipe is the most famous in the that cafe.how ? are you ready to go to korea for a taste of 10 meals above ? : d
earlier this month , we heard that snap was working on a new pair of camera-equipped glasses to complement its ephemeral messaging app , snapchat . we now know that they ’ll land in the next couple of days . that ’s from a wired story on the company ’s new snappables ar games , which have you use your face as a controller of sorts . in one of them , you ’ll need to train your front camera at yourself and keep raising your eyebrows in order to lift virtual weights quickly to earn a high score ( a pair of ar stickers in the form of strong arms are overlaid on top of your eyebrows on-screen ) . these are n’t for me , but the people in the ad above sure seem to be enjoying themselves . snap alluded to some connection between the upcoming hardware and augmented reality experiences , but it is n’t clear exactly how that will play out . while variety noted that spectacles v2 .0 will most likely be an iterative update with a dual camera and gps , snap ceo evan spiegel talked about a strategy for advancing ar for users by developing hardware and software independent of each other : we decouple them so that they ’re all allowed to develop on their own until they come together . over the next decade or so , the way that these pieces fit together will probably be what defines our company . spiegel added that , in working this way , “ we can still move forward at a really fast pace empowering very advanced augmented reality products within snapchat . ” that does n’t tell us very much about what snap has in mind for the next version of spectacles ; the company ’s ar filters and games are designed for you to play with on a phone with a selfie camera , and cameras on glasses will capture what ’s in front of you and in your field of vision . ¯ \ \ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ thankfully , we wo n’t have to wait long to find out what spiegel &amp; co. have planned . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
the best deals on the internet conveniently in one place . whether you ’re in need of buying gifts , shopping for yourself or merely browsing , we ’re here to save you some of those hard-earned dollarydoos . fashion breitling – for the next 4 days on massdrop , you can save more than $ 5600 on a breitling chronomat 41 automatic watch !!! ebay – save up to 30 % on selected street style , homeware and tech products on ebay bonobos – save up to 50 % at the bonobos spring sale clarks – 25 % off selected men and women styles at clarks bonds – take an extra 10 % off all sale items . use code extra10 at checkout macy ’s – save 40 % plus an additional 30 % off selected suits from macy ’s cool material – shop the cool material sale for all things edc and cool end clothing sneaker sale – check out the big savings on all the coolest sneakers at end clothing fitness &amp; outdoors trx training – save $ 75 on the trx rip trainer columbia river knife and tool – save 18 % on the columbia river knife and tool ( crkt ) golds gym – save 50 % on the golds gym xrs20 weight bench under armour – save 29 % on a set of under armour crew socks ( 6 pack ) tech marshall – save $ 75 on marshall major ii bluetooth over-ear headphones brother – save 46 % on a brother compact monochrome laser all-in-one multifunction printer the good guys – 1 day only sale . 10 % off pretty much everything . use code : 10vip man of many ’s shopping directory you can also shop all of the stores we love in . or visit our huckberryor amazon round-ups for some of our favourite gear on we ’ve found on those sites . note : man of many maintains affiliate relationships with trusted online stores . these links allow us to earn a small commission on the sale of products and by clicking the links above , not only will you save money , you ’ll also be supporting the site to produce more content .
when i look into your eyesit ’s like watching the night skyor a beautiful sunrisewell , there ’s so much they holdand just like them old starsi see that you ’ve come so farto be right where you arehow old is your soul?well , i wo n’t give up on useven if the skies get roughi ’m giving you all my lovei ’m still looking upand when you ’re needing your spaceto do some navigatingi ’ll be here patiently waitingto see what you find ‘ cause even the stars they burnsome even fall to the earthwe ’ve got a lot to learngod knows we ’re worth itno , i wo n’t give upi do n’t wan na be someone who walks away so easilyi ’m here to stay and make the difference that i can makeour differences they do a lot to teach us how to usethe tools and gifts we got , yeah , we got a lot at stakeand in the end , you ’re still my friend at least we did intendfor us to work we did n’t break , we did n’t burnwe had to learn how to bend without the world caving ini had to learn what i ’ve got , and what i ’m not , and who i ami wo n’t give up on useven if the skies get roughi ’m giving you all my lovei ’m still looking up , i ’m still looking up.well , i wo n’t give up on us ( no i ’m not giving up ) god knows i ’m tough enough ( i am tough , i am loved ) we ’ve got a lot to learn ( we ’re alive , we are loved ) god knows we ’re worth it ( and we ’re worth it ) i wo n’t give up on useven if the skies get roughi ’m giving you all my lovei ’m still looking up
home / for couples / articles / close companions , growth , marriage advice , marriage help , marriage tips , relationship advice , relationship help , relationship tips , resolutions / 5 promises your partner will love you for5 promises your partner will love you forposted in close companions , growth , marriage advice , marriage help , marriage tips , relationship advice , relationship help , relationship tips , resolutions by lauren mcrae on january 31 , 2018share this … i promise to love you every dayi know that love is a choice and i choose to love you always . though i can get busy and have my moods , you deserve my love and attention each and every day . i choose to love you even when i ’m upset or frustrated . i know that loving you means being fully present , telling you my truth , being honest and transparent with my thoughts , feelings , wants , and needs so you know fully who i am . i strive to appreciate and treasure you each day that i ’m blessed to have you in my life.i promise to choose you firstyou are the most important person in my life and i commit to not taking you or our relationship for granted , each and every day . though work , home , finances , family , friends , hobbies , and other stresses and distractions can make this challenging , i choose you first , always.i promise to take responsibilityi understand that my outcomes are 100 % dependent upon my own choices and actions , and that my thoughts and feelings are my own . i know that our relationship is a mirror reflecting myself back to me , and that my desire to be happy and feel loved by you depends upon my own ability to allow myself to be happy and to receive your love.i promise to say “ yes ! ” you deserve my positive response even when i do n’t feel like it . your needs and wants are a gift to my growth and well-being and the key to a great life together . i am committed to your happiness as much as my own . if i ’m unable to grant 100 % of your desire or request i will respond positively and work with you to find a creative way to meet your underlying need . you can feel safe with me as one who loves you and will respect and honor your needs , always.i promise to be your herowhen life is challenging ( and even when it ’s not ) you deserve a champion ; someone who will be there for you , love and support you unconditionally , no matter what . i commit to being your hero and helping you feel emotionally and physically safe and secure . i believe in you and i believe in us .
if you ’ve had trouble sticking to a regular date night , it ’s not because couple time is n’t important to you . of course , it is . it ’s likely because you have n’t taken the time to identify why it ’s important to you.your “ why ” is the fuel behind any new endeavor . it ’s what we lean on when we face an obstacle or any friction that makes the achievement of our goal difficult or inconvenient.give this a try — spend a few minutes together answering this question : why is date night important to us?when marc and i started our date night habit over a decade ago , we were working at a company owned by a husband-wife team . rich and sue robbins were not only our bosses and friends , but they were true role models in a multitude of ways . after nearly 20 years together , the robbins ’ marriage was still fun , connective and light . date night , they told us , was a cornerstone of that connectivity . as a newly married couple , marc and i very much admired the bond they had created and so readily sought to solidify our date night habit . our “ why ” was that we could see where we wanted our marriage to be in 20 years and we knew intentionally setting aside “ us time ” was one way we could get there.so , what ’s your why ? what are you committed to creating together?write it down . stick your answer on the fridge . keep it present to remind you when it feels like date night is just another ‘ to do ’ on your list .
cats sometimes upset some people for stealing fish . but who would have thought , these mammals can be good fish keepers.the citizens were made amusing because the action of cat guard fish in the market is super funny . cats are known to be in vietnam is seen to accompany its master to keep the fish . the cat also does not seem to want to eat fish pieces in front of its.uniquely , the cat keeps the fish while wearing unique costumes . the cat is wearing a traditional yellow shirt suit . not only that , the cat also wore glasses.actually only the front of the cat body is worn clothes . but if seen from the front , the cat looks like a doll that stands.well curious as to what the cute look of cat keeper fish in the market ? yuk refer to the picture below is quoted from twitter @kucingbertweet .1 . the cat in yellow with these sunglasses seemed to keep the pieces of fish . : d2 . like an adult , it 's like a cat 's hand is hidden behind her . the other hand seemed to hold the fan . : d3 . look at its expression , seriously take care of the fish . hihihih so cute ^_^ 4 . when viewed from the side of the new caught if only the front of the cat body wearing clothes . : dso cute yeah ~
1 . caught the exact moment of this dog sneezing .2 . a yawning hedgehog3 . a cow with rabbit ears4 . just a little crocodile having a good time .5 . a puppy with mickey mouse ears6 . oh these paws ... just look at them ! 7 . “ this is kipling . he noticed that i forgot to take a towel to the shower and brought it himself . ” 8 . this maine coon is having a blissful moment .9 . this little flamingo is learning to be a flamingo .10 . just look at this happy mama ! 11 . this cat looks like he ’s about to release his debut album that ’s going to blow up all the global charts .12 . manicure for a wombat13 . a couple that should be invited to play leading roles in a movie .14 . how on earth can you refuse him anything ? 15 . teeny tiny chameleon16 . what a seductive dog .17 . you can see the love in her eyes .18 . the air police19 . got a little assistant at work .20 . do n’t think about the bad stuff and get ready for the summer , just like this doggy.bonus : this turtle will show you how to react to any misfortunes from now on.on the scale of 1 to 10 , how much better is your day now ?
steak is one of the culinary processed meat that became a favorite of many people . although food that usually uses beef as its main ingredient is more often considered as high class food because the price is not cheap.to anticipate this , some people with their creativity to make indonesian-style steaks , the meat steak is floured with flour . the shape will resemble chicken katsu , but with beef.in contrast to indonesian-style steak , western-style steak really serves cuts of whole beef that has been seasoned before . usually this western-style steak is equipped with a few pieces of potatoes and vegetables.in addition , steaks are also served with different levels of maturity . what are they ? let 's see the explanation below that brilio.net lansir from resepkoki.id .1 . rare.steak with the lowest level of maturity is commonly called rare . where steak meat is served only cooked on the outside only . so about 80 % of the inside is still red alias immature . generally to get this level of maturity the meat on the inside should be at a temperature of about 48-50 degrees celsius . to check it you can use a food thermometer and check it when the meat has just been moved from the top of the grill pan to the plate . well , this level of maturity is usually most favored by westerners because they assume that the meat is very soft and juicy .2 . medium rare . { " width " : 1000 , " web_uri " : " 005ae1986a7fc0a73143 " , " height " : 750 , " description " : " photo : uk.businessinsider.com " } maturity level of medium rare is actually almost similar to rare . but the difference is more mature meat in number more . when compared with rare , only about 60 % of the meat inside is still red . the level of maturity is also often called the steak is half cooked has a meat texture that is also juicy and soft . when checked using a food thermometer , the inner meat of medium rare must be 55-60 degrees celsius .3 . medium.medium steak meat has more brown color with slightly red inside , about 40 % . maturity level of medium steak meat become the standard delicacy of steak meat in various countries . but of course the texture of medium meat is not as juicy rare or medium rare again . the inner meat will be 60-55 degrees celsius when the food thermometer is measured . this level of maturity according to asian steak lovers is the most favorite and delicious level to enjoy steak meat .4 . medium well . { " width " : 450 , " web_uri " : " 005ae199cd3e40920fdf " , " height " : 300 , " description " : " photo : certifiedangusbeef.co " } well the level of maturity of medium-well steak meat is a level that can begin to be accepted in the tongue of indonesia . the meat is almost completely cooked but there is still a bit of red part on the inside , which is about 20 % . in addition , although it is almost entirely cooked , the texture of the meat still feels a bit juicy . usually the inner meat will be around 65-69 degrees celsius when measured food thermometer .5 . well done.in steak meat with a well done level of maturity will not be found in the slightest red hue on the inside . this level of maturity is the level of perfect maturity aka completely thorough . but the texture of the meat is certainly harder and is not juicy anymore because all the fat is roasted out . appearance medium medium steak meat that is brown color and rather dry . usually the meat in the atmosphere will be around 70-90 degrees celsius . * sorry if there is a mistake in writing
ingredients : 1 carton ( 16 ounces ) frozen whipped topping , thawed 1 cup ( 8 ounces ) sour cream 1 package ( 3.4 ounces ) instant vanilla pudding mix 1 can ( 8 ounces ) crushed pineapple , drained 24 whole graham crackers 2 medium bananas , sliced toppings : chocolate syrup , halved fresh strawberries and additional banana slicesdirections : in a large bowl , mix whipped topping , sour cream and pudding mix until blended ; fold in pineapple . cut a small hole in the tip of a pastry bag or in a corner of a food-safe plastic bag . transfer pudding mixture to bag . on a flat serving plate , arrange four crackers in a rectangle . pipe about 1 cup pudding mixture over crackers ; top with about 1/4 cup banana slices . repeat layers five times . refrigerate , covered , overnight . just before serving , top with chocolate syrup , strawberries and additional banana slices.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 405 calories , 15g fat ( 11g saturated fat ) , 16 mg cholesterol , 372 mg sodium , 60g carbohydrate ( 30g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 4g protein.makes : 10 servingstotal time : prep : 30 min . + chilling
ingredients : filling1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1/3 cup sugar 1 large egg 1/8 teaspoon salt 1 cup ( 6 ounces ) semisweet chocolate chips cupcakes : 1 cup sugar 1 cup water 1/3 cup vegetable oil 1 large egg 1 tablespoon white vinegar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1/4 cup baking cocoa 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon salt topping : sugar chopped almonds , optionaldirections : in a small bowl , beat the cream cheese , sugar , egg and salt until smooth . stir in chips ; set aside . for cupcakes , in a large bowl , beat the sugar , water , oil , egg , vinegar and vanilla until well blended . combine the flour , cocoa , baking soda and salt ; gradually beat into egg mixture until blended . fill paper-lined muffin cups half full with chocolate batter . drop a heaping tablespoonful of cheese mixture in center of batter of each cupcake . sprinkle with sugar and chopped almonds if desired . bake at 350 ° for 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the cake portion comes out clean . cool in pans for 10 minutes before removing to racks to cool completely . refrigerate leftovers.nutritional facts : 1 each : 174 calories , 9g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 28 mg cholesterol , 148 mg sodium , 22g carbohydrate ( 15g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 3g protein.makes : 24 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 20 min . + cooling
janet jackson after 50 years of life , as they say , has just begun : she has borne the first child , divorced her husband and returned to active concert activity . today , for example , it became known that the singer 's tour schedule has new dates - 11 additional shows in the world tour , which starts this summer . in honor of this the star shared with the fans a series of pictures on her page in instagram : in the photo the actress poses in bright outfits , demonstrating an excellent shape and beautiful appearance . of course , without filters and retouching there has not been , but the fans graciously close their eyes and converge in one : janet looks much younger than his years.perhaps it 's all about the little son . the boy , who was named issa , sang on january 13 , 2017 . the father of the child was the third husband of the star , qatari billionaire vissam al-man , who is younger than janet for eight years . however , just a few months after the appearance of the baby , in april , the couple announced the separation
when it comes to looking younger , well that 's why we have such a huge makeup industry.people everywhere use makeup to hide their perceived flaws and feel more confident about themselves . the true masters of the form are makeup artists , and they can pull off incredible looks , both conceptual and practical for others to enjoy.one makeup artist in particular is known for his outstanding transformations , and it 's all done without photoshop.anar agakishiev is a makeup artist from azerbaijan . his work focuses on transforming women of all ages.his work with women who are middle aged or older and are n't " typical " models is particularly impressive.everyone deserves to feel beautiful in a way that makes them happy , and agakishiev brings that to his clients every day.he has a particular talent for hiding wrinkles and folds using highlights and shading.if you want to see more of these incredible before-and-after photos , check out his instagram , where there are dozens more transformations.wow ! if only i could get this level of amazing into my beauty routine . i 'm definitely going to follow him for some tips !
shalom brothers and sisters . today is thursday , april 26 , 2018 . today ’s bible verse : matthew 6:30-34verse text : [ matthew 6:30-34 kjv ] 30 wherefore , if god so clothe the grass of the field , which to day is , and to morrow is cast into the oven , [ shall he ] not much more [ clothe ] you , o ye of little faith ? 31 therefore take no thought , saying , what shall we eat ? or , what shall we drink ? or , wherewithal shall we be clothed ? 32 ( for after all these things do the gentiles seek :) for your heavenly father knoweth that ye have need of all these things . 33 but seek ye first the kingdom of god , and his righteousness ; and all these things shall be added unto you . 34 take therefore no thought for the morrow : for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself . sufficient unto the day [ is ] the evil thereof.from the believer ’s bible : “ in this passage jesus strikes at the tendency to center our lives around food and clothing , thus missing life 's real meaning . the problem is not so much what we eat and wear today , but what we shall eat and wear ten , twenty , or thirty years from now . such worry about the future is sin because it denies the love , wisdom , and power of god . it denies the love of god by implying that he does n't care for us . it denies his wisdom by implying that he does n't know what he is doing . and it denies his power by implying that he is n't able to provide for our needs.this type of worry causes us to devote our finest energies to making sure we will have enough to live on . then before we know it , our lives have passed , and we have missed the central purpose for which we were made . god did not create us in his image with no higher destiny than that we should consume food . we are here to love , worship , and serve him and to represent his interests on earth . our bodies are intended to be our servants , not our masters . ” this is so true . there are people that plan their lives down to the finest detail and it seems that our father is nowhere in those plans . do you know what our father does with our plans ? he laughs at them.we are told in this passage that our father will take care of us if we seek his kingdom . we seek his kingdom through our love for him and we show that love through keeping his torah . i hope this has been a blessing to you . may the rest of your day be blessed . shalom .
2018/04/26 aww ! animals ! new york — rats are growing bigger by the minute from feasting on trash outside a chipotle restaurant in brooklyn heights . this has been witnessed by the fast food restaurant 's fuming neighbors.according to the neighbors , chipotle workers dump bags of garbage in front of the eatery at around 6 p.m. every day , and that gives the rats just enough time to eat before the garbage men arrive . a resident told the brooklyn daily eagle that he sees four or five rats going back and forth from garbage to the building next door under construction , and he wonders how big the rat tribe has grown . and one construction worker told the brooklyn daily eagle that he spotted a giant rat that was bigger than a cat , or the size of a well stuffed burrito.chipotle 's manager said the ratzilla situation happened only after a new construction at a nearby location started . the manager also said she has seen the giant rats biting through garbage bags and they are particularly aggressive to passers-by . brooklynites are urging chipotle to put its trash in ratproof containers . who knows , maybe it 's only a matter of time before these giant rodents move on to their next target — humans.prevent that from happening , a company rep told the new york post that they will start using secure garbage cans to keep these hairy monsters away . the brooklyn daily eagle reports construction inspectors found signs of rats at the site back in 2015 , but received a clean report just over a year later . the developer did not comment on the recent ratzilla incident .
kim kardashian channeled her inner cher by rocking long , luscious hair — and it works . you 'll probably need help from extensions to get the full length like kim k , but if you decide to grow your hair out instead , be sure to trim it every few months to keep your strands healthy.stars like selena gomez are going into the new year with newly-blonde locks . but if you want to do the same , that does n't have to mean completely abandoning your original hue . if you 're changing up your color , keep the roots dark underneath and have your stylist blend out the top to a bright blonde or silvery grey . look out , 2018 : there 's a bombshell coming through!it 's easy to beat humidity when you sport a high pony . slick your hair back , secure with a hair tie and some spray , and go about your day looking totally chic and cool . the heat does n't even stand a chance.perms are back — just without , you know , the permanence . grab your curling iron and create tight , bouncy curls for an '80s - inspired look that 's sure to turn heads .
the wizarding world of harry potter is not really known for being explicitly diverse . although author jk rowling has later released information about the books , like dumbledore being gay to introduce inclusion in the series , such things are not really shown or even alluded to in the film series . she seems to be trying on correcting this with the fantastic beast prequel series . in the first film , we are introduced to the magical congress of the united states , the governing body of the magical community in the said nation . it is headed by president seraphina picquery ( carmen ejogo ) a black woman , and in a pivotal scene , we see the leadership of congress and it is racially diverse with most ethnicities present . some of the main characters tina ( catherine waterston ) and queenie goldstein ( alison sudol ) with jacob kowalski ( dan fogler ) are also of jewish descent . for the sequel , she is introducing another woman of color , professor eulalie " lally " hicks , a teacher at ilvemorny the american hogwarts . she will be played by jessica williams of netlfix 's the incredible jessica james . williams posted a video with rowling on her instagram account announcing her character 's entry in the potterverse . rowling has clarified that lally may not be getting a big role in the second film fantastic beasts : the crimes of grindelwald , but she will be playing an important part in the as-of-yet unnamed third movie . on twitter , the author wrote " you only see a hint of lally in fantastic beasts 2 . her true glory is revealed in fb3 . " fantastic beast : the crimes of grindelwald is set to premier on november 16 , 2018 .
for a gadget as beautifully-designed as the iphone , it 's such a shame that its accompanying charger is usually a hot mess . shelling out hundreds of dollars for the sleek device only to receive a proprietary cable that is usually tangled up and/or falling apart is honestly an injustice , and we should not stand for it . until apple decides to step up and improve their deplorable power cords , you 'd be better off juicing up your precious iphone with the hoverdock . it 's a slick , minimalist dock that complements your smartphone 's look and makes your desk or bedside table appear like that of a real adult . it has a sturdy aluminum base and an upright stance , allowing you to still see your screen even while charging , along with a swivel base that is ideal for facetime or video conferencing . oh yeah , and it 's also currently on sale for 28 % off . the hoverdock 's clever design also eliminates cord rage . it features a cable storage system to keep the wire out of the way , killing any possibility of pulls , spills , bumps , and any other unforeseen accidents . plus , it works with airpods , the ipad , magic keyboard , magic mouse , magic trackpad , apple tv remote , and basically any lightning-powered device . image : just mobile
citrus heights , calif. — the man who authorities said wednesday is among the worst serial killers and rapists in u.s. history is a 72-year-old vietnam war veteran , former police officer and grandfather who lived in a tidy , suburban california home with a neatly kept green lawn.joseph james deangelo was described wednesday as an odd but decent neighbor in the sacramento suburb of citrus heights . neighbors said he mostly kept to himself , but was quick to anger and could often be heard loudly cussing in frustration over a landscaping issue or other minor annoyance . " you can tell he 's a very meticulous person , " said neighbor kevin tapia . " his house is always perfectly painted . his grass is always cut . he gets down around all the rocks on his lawn and is cutting to make sure it 's just perfect . " another neighbor , natalia bedes-correnti , said deangelo appeared to be a " nice old grandpa " but he cursed loudly and often over misplaced car keys and the like . she said one of deangelo 's adult daughters and a granddaughter lived with him in the neighborhood where children ride their bikes home from school . " he liked the f word a lot , " bedes-correnti said.his history also shows a seemingly ordinary life for the man police are now linking to crimes committed by the suspect variously known as the golden state killer , the east area rapist and the original night stalker . investigators towed away two cars , a volvo and a toyota along with a fishing boat deangelo kept in his three-car garage . neighbors also said he owned a motorcycle . the associated press sacramento county sheriff scott jones talks to reporters about the arrest joesph james deangelo , seen in photo , on suspicion of committing a string of violent crimes in the 1970 's and 1980 's after a news … neighbor barbara wammer , 73 , said deangelo built model airplanes that can be flown by remote control in the home he owned since 1983 . she described him as a typical neighbor who was often outside working on his lawn . " there was no reason to be suspicious , " she said.deangelo graduated from nearby folsom high school in 1964 and joined the u.s. navy.a local newspaper in 1967 reported that deangelo served aboard the cruiser uss canberra as a repairman off the coast of north vietnam.after returning home he enrolled in a nearby community college and then transferred to california state university , sacramento , where he graduated in 1972 with a bachelor of science degree in criminal justice , school spokeswoman anita fitzhugh said.soon he landed a job as a police officer in the small central valley city of exeter , 45 miles ( 72 kilometers ) south of fresno , where he served from 1973 to 1976 , " around the time of the visalia ransacker cases , " another name affiliated with the same attacker , sacramento sheriff scott jones said.he married a citrus heights woman seven years his junior in 1973 , according to a marriage notice in the auburn journal.in 1976 , deangelo took a job with the auburn police department about 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) north of sacramento . " very often serial killers are very interested in police work , they tend to have an obsession with it and they tend to study it , " said scott bonn , a criminologist and author of " why we love serial killers " and other similar books.the auburn journal in june 1979 published a photo of deangelo in uniform preparing for the annual " fuzz ball " fundraising baseball game.a few months later the department fired him after he was caught shoplifting a hammer and dog repellent . ~ msn.com
the royal wedding is going down in less than a month , and prince harry finally announced his best man . drum roll please ... it 's william ! obviously ! who else could it possibly be ?! the news was announced via kensington palace , who tweeted the following : prince harry has asked his brother the duke of cambridge to be his best man at his wedding to ms. meghan markle . pic.twitter.com/7tvz2vlek2— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) april 26 , 2018 they also added that william is " honored " to be supporting his brother , and blessed us with this sweet throwback photo : the duke of cambridge is honoured to have been asked , and is very much looking forward to supporting his brother at st george 's chapel , windsor on may 19th . pic.twitter.com/mq0eh7q0pr— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) april 26 , 2018 reminder : harry served as best man to william when he married kate middleton in 2011 . prince harry served as best man to the duke of cambridge at his wedding to miss catherine middleton in 2011 . pic.twitter.com/klhgqeayeb— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) april 26 , 2018 for more info about the royal wedding , head this way : everything to know about the 2018 royal wedding
good morning , would you like a steaming heap of shade with your coffee ? cool , because blake shelton is delivering . amid reports that his ex miranda lambert ended her relationship with anderson east and is now dating singer evan felker , blake hit up twitter for a casual subtweet . " been taking the high road for a long time . . i almost gave up , " he wrote . " but i can finally see something on the horizon up there !! wait !! could it be ?! yep !! it ’s karma !! " been taking the high road for a long time . . i almost gave up . but i can finally see something on the horizon up there !! wait !! could it be ?! yep !! it ’s karma !! — blake shelton ( @blakeshelton ) april 25 , 2018 giphy apparently miranda and evan started dating earlier this year during her livin ’ like hippies tour ( not to be confused with the livin ' like i 'm super shady tour , which blake is currently on ) , and evan 's wife staci nelson reportedly filed for divorce in february . reminder per e! that when blake and miranda 's split-up , people speculated that she cheated on anderson . meanwhile , a source tells us weekly that things just " happened " between miranda and evan — despite the fact that she was still dating anderson east , and he was still married to his wife . " staci had no other choice but to file for divorce , " the source says . " she was devastated . "
the samsung galaxy s9 is currently one of the most powerful one-handed phones available right now . most phone retailers have taken advantage of this fact and are subsequently asking for a premium when quoting customers prices for contracts . however , today ( coincidentally , just after payday ) sees a range of exclusive price-drop deals on the samsung galaxy s9 and s9 plus which you can take advantage of . the following deals are all 24-month mobile phone contracts : samsung galaxy s9 contract deals 02 , £ 32 per month , 10gb data , £ 85 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 30 per month , 16gb data , £ 125 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 23 per month , 4gb data , £ 190 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 34 per month , 10gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 36 per month , 16gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal samsung galaxy s9 plus contract deals ee , £ 68 per month , 8gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 59 per month , 16gb data , £ 99 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 52 per month , 2gb data , £ 39.99 upfront cost see this deal broadband deals have a look at these great broadband deals , all with money off today : bt : unlimited infinity 2 , 76mbps unlimited broadband connection plus additions , £ 45.99 per month for 18 months , free setup cost see this deal virgin media : vivid 50 fibre , 50mbps unlimited broadband connection plus additions , £ 33.00 per month for 12 months , £ 20 setup cost see this deal talk talk : faster fibre , 76mbps unlimited broadband connection plus additions , £ 28.00 per month for 18 months , free setup cost see this deal ee : superfast unlimited fibre plus broadband , 76mbps unlimited broadband connection plus additions , £ 100 ee reward card , £ 33.00 per month for 18 months , free setup cost see this deal amazon deals certified refurbished amazon echo - was £ 79.99 , now £ 69.99
surprise ! this morning , kensington palace confirmed the news we ’ve all been anticipating — no , not the new royal baby ’s name . prince william will officially be prince harry ’s best man when he marries meghan markle next month . “ prince harry has asked his brother the duke of cambridge to be his best man at his wedding to ms. meghan markle , ” kensington palace announced thursday . “ the duke of cambridge is honored to have been asked , and is very much looking forward to supporting his brother at st. george ’s chapel , windsor on may 19th . ” the news is hardly a surprise : the two brothers are famously close , and prince harry served as william ’s best man when he married kate middleton in 2011 . but back in january , wills confirmed that he actually had n’t been asked yet to step in , officially . “ he has n’t asked me yet , just to clear that up . it could be a sensitive subject , ” he said in a radio interview.our relationship is closer than it ’s been because of the situation we ’ve been through , ” he continued , referencing the loss of their mother , princess diana , in 1997 . “ losing our mother at a young age , it ’s helped us travel through that difficult patch together . you ’re like-minded . you go through similar things — it ’s a bond , and it ’s something you know you ’ve tackled together and come out better for it . ”“ that ’s the thing about being a best mate , inevitably one of you is sometimes on an up , while the other is on a down , ” william continued . “ you ’re always there for each other and repaying that favor . ” so now , the best mate thing is official , twice over.as for who will stand up beside meghan markle remains a mystery for now . kate middleton is almost entirely out of the running for the job ( according to sources , she ’ll get to enjoy the wedding as a regular guest — though that might include wrangling prince george and princess charlotte ) .
robotic vacuums are the hottest thing to hit the cleaning market since the swiffer . pretty soon every home will have a little robot vacuum running around doing the dirty work . but that day wo n't be today unless you plan on dishing out ( and justifying ) a few hundred bucks for a roomba . ecovacs deebot 's slim2 robotic vacuum cleaner , however , is making robot vacuum life look a lot more possible . it offers the convenience of a robotic vacuum without breaking the bank . we even featured it in our roundup of the best robot vacuums . currently on sale for $ 60 off , you can snag one of these cleaning machines for a cool $ 140 . like other options on the market , this model comes with a compatible app that lets you control your vacuum on your phone — or , better yet , from the comfort of your couch . designed with hardwood floors in mind , the slim2 robotic vacuum cleaner features a tangle-free suction and dry mopping system that 's perfect for vacuuming , sweeping , and mopping away hair , dirt , and debris . it also has a run-time of 110 minutes so that you can clean your entire space in one fell swoop . and do n't forget : you wo n't be actually doing anything , which is the best part . if you want to go full on danny tanner , you can even schedule weekly cleanings ahead of time image : evovac
ithaa , the maldiveshow about having dinner with sharks , stingrays , and turtles ? if that ’s a yes , then you should visit ithaa restaurant in the maldives . it ’s located underwater at the bottom of the indian ocean . a perfect option for those dreaming of seeing the underwater world but are too scared to try diving.labassin waterfall , the philippinesthere is a resort called villa escudero in the philippines where you can visit the labassin waterfall restaurant that is located at the foot of a small waterfall . the tables are standing right in the water and the restaurant is mostly visited by tourists who want to try philippine cuisine in an unusual environment.the grotto , thailandthe grotto , a romantic restaurant , is located in a limestone cave on the phra nang beach in thailand . it belongs to the rayavadee resort , but anyone can reserve a table even if they are n’t guests of the resort . their signature dish is grilled seafood that is served in the evenings several times a week . at other times , guests are offered light snacks and desserts.treepod dining , thailandit seems that the owner of this restaurant probably thought “ having lunch in a bird ’s nest ? why not ? ” the restaurant belongs to soneva kiri eco resort in thailand and we ’d guess that the waiters there never get bored — the dishes are served with the help of a zip line to 3 ’ nests ’ at the height of 16 ft.ice restaurant , finlandthe village of santa claus in finland attracts many tourists annually . apart from meeting an old magical man , here one can visit a restaurant that ’s totally made out of snow and ice and decorated with ice sculptures.grotta palazzese , italyapparently thailand is n’t the only place you can dine in a cave . this cave restaurant in the italian city of polignano a mare is located at an altitude of 82 ft above the adriatic sea . a bar and lounge area are also available here.dinner in the sky , 45 countriesthe founders of the dinner in the sky concept prove that even a platform suspended on a construction crane can be a restaurant . belgium is the motherland of this project , but their restaurants are already popping up in 45 countries around the world . by the way , even if you ’re not afraid of high prices and places , they ’ve got their own rules for you to be able to dine with them : the height of a diner should be at least 4 ’ 9 ″ so that they can be fastened to the seat properly.the colonial tramcar restaurant , australiathe visitors of this restaurant get a double benefit — they enjoy the beautiful scenery of melbourne and its suburbs , as well as being able to dine in the stylish retro tram ’s interior . the restaurant arranges gala dinners and closed receptions like morning tea or breakfast.trinity place restaurant , usain 1904 it used to be the largest and most secure bank safe in the world , but today it ’s been turned into a nice meeting and dining place in new york city . having lunch in an old safe behind 35-ton walls ... we bet its creators would never imagine it would be used this way.le panoramic , francethe signature feature of this restaurant is the 360 ° view showing mont blanc . a stunning mountain view from the altitude of 8,963 ft is enough to impress its visitors . however , that ’s not where the owners stopped — you can even try exquisite delicacies here , like foie gras.the rock restaurant , zanzibar , tanzaniathe name of the restaurant speaks for itself — it was opened right on top of a rock formation that juts out of the water . apparently , there was n’t even enough space for 20 tables , but that does n’t matter much . seafood in such a peaceful place probably tastes even better just because of the location.karvansaray , azerbaijanyou can try the national cuisine in many places in baku , however , there is only one place where you can do it unusually — the one you see in the photos above . the design of the roof is fascinating , is n’t it?bonus : a project for an underwater restaurant called undervery soon the ithaa restaurant located in the maldives wo n’t be the only underwater restaurant — the norwegian project “ under ” looks completely different but very promising.which of these restaurants would you like to visit ? maybe you already visited other interesting dining places . we would love to read your stories in the comments !
many of us have dreamed of flying at least once in our lives for various reasons . for some , flying is a great way to get to their school or job faster , and for others , it ’s a way to enjoy a beautiful view , like birds . a griffon vulture can fly as high as 37,000 ft. now imagine looking at the world from that kind of height.giant pink bunny — prata nevoso , italyup with the birds — jaipur , rajasthan , indiaa canadian student , melanie coles has installed a 55 ft painting of waldo on a vancouver rooftop.transport round point — a touch of editing and it ’s awesome again.coca-cola logo , arica , arica y parinacota , chilethe crookedest street in the world — san francisco , ca , usa drone shot above huia dam in new zealandspaghetti junction , atlanta , georgia , usa drone shot with a little editing can do wonders.the kfc logo — nevada , usategalalang ubud , bali , indonesiaa hotel in hawaii , usin the woods of honolulu , hawaiifirefox logo — dayton , oregon , us “ life is a circle ” in sydney , australiasomewhere in the midst of a coconut gardengraveyard of tanks and jetschicago botanical garden top viewgiant gulliver in scotlandmadrid , spain “ nature : infinite road to transylvania ” — romaniaa woman harvesting water lilies in a pond in the mekong delta in vietnam . “ curves ” in the winter forestbig buddha , top view in hong konga playground in the snowa beautiful morning for sky jumping practicehow do you like this jump?a husband and wife team making bricks in jhalwar city , rajasthan , indiaa portrait of genghis khan in mongoliaworker and kolkhoz woman — moscow , russiawere n’t these images just mesmerizing ? it seems some of the most beautiful and interesting scenes come from above , do n’t they ? do n’t forget to share this article if you liked it . if you have an amazing aerial shot , feel free to drop it in the comments .
it all depends on the amount of fan requests they receive recently , a yakuza developer gave an extensive translated video interview with playstation access about the series and its future ( particularly in the west ) . one of the interesting things that the developer mentioned was the possibility of yakuza 3 , 4 and 5 making their way over to the ps4 ( presumably as remasters or even full-on remakes ) . “ if we get a lot of requests to make them , we might consider it , ” said daisuke sato , a series producer . sato also had this to say about the possibility of the 2014 yakuza spin-off game , ryū ga gotoku ishin ! ( unofficially known in english as “ yakuza ishin “ ) coming out in the west : “ i think ishin is a very well made game and i would love for people in the west to experience it . ” “ however , since ishin is about the meiji ishin restoration during the edo period in japanese history … i believe that a basic understanding of that time period is necessary to fully enjoy the game , ” added sato . “ so i ’m not sure how people in the west who may not be familiar with japanese history would perceive it . ” though yakuza 6 : the song of life released worldwide last week , there ’s still another game that ’ll be released later this year : yakuza kiwami 2 . kiwami 2 is a current-gen remake of second game that uses the same engine that was used in the song of life and players will be able to play as kazuma kiryu and goro majima at different points throughout the game . kiwami 2 is currently scheduled to come out in the west this summer . there ’s also a yakuza 0 sequel that the series developers have been considering . so , what do you think about three more yakuza games being either remastered or remade for the ps4 ? would you like to see this spin-off game , ryū ga gotoku ishin ! , come out in the west ? let us know in the comments section below ! source
it appears that asian countries are absolutely dominating the charts for cryptocurrency trading volumes – despite the recent string of regulatory clampdowns . research from banking giant morgan stanley indicates that exchanges originating from countries like china , south korea , and hong kong account for the trading volume globally . the research also showed that while the uk has the highest number of cryptocurrency exchanges registered with it , it only accounts for one percent of the total trading volume . the nearest competitors hong kong , the us , and singapore are far behind the uk in terms of the number of cryptocurrency exchanges they host . in comparison to the 22 exchanges located in the uk , hong kong only has 15 , and the us – 11 . the charts for trading volume tell an entirely different story though . the list is headed by malta which accounted for close to $ 1.2 billion of the total trading volume worldwide , followed by south korea and belize with $ 900 million and $ 700 million , respectively . meanwhile , the uk had a trading volume slightly higher than $ 100 million ( almost twelve times less than malta ) — that is despite having the highest number of exchanges . one thing to highlight is that the main reason malta scored so high on the list is because of binance . but as the data indicates , the actual trading volume leaders are still mostly asian countries . the originally china-based exchange recently announced its intention to move its office to malta after suffering crackdowns in china , japan , and hong kong . belize has also made it to the list because of the presence of okex , which actually operates out of hong kong . in fact , the research has shown that the majority of bitcoin ’s trading with fiat happens in the japanese yen ( jpy ) ; to give you some context , 55.7 percent of all bitcoin fiat trading is in jpy , compared to 21.8 percent in usd . move over , west — asia is taking the lead on cryptocurrencies .
last week , broadway luminary sierra boggess was cast to portray maria in the west end 's concert version of west side story on august 11 . on monday , however , she 's decided to honorably withdraw from the special engagement after the casting announcement 's backlash . " after much reflection , i 've realized that if i were to do this concert , it would once again deny latinas the opportunity to sing this score , as well as deny the importance of seeing themselves represented onstage , " boggess wrote on her official facebook page . " and that would be a huge mistake . " since the announcement of this concert , i have had many conversations about why this is a crucial time , now more than ever , to not perpetuate the miscasting of this show.the actress apologized for not having made the decision sooner , but her objective was clear in rectifying the show 's history of cultural appropriation missteps.i must ask myself how i can best serve the world , and in this case my choice is clearer than ever : to step aside and allow an opportunity to correct a wrong that has been done for years with this show in particular.i have therefore withdrawn myself from this concert and i look forward to continuing to be a voice for change in our community and our world ! the concert will be honoring leonard bernstein in his centennial during the proms 2018 series of concerts at london 's royal albert hall.some were disappointed the olivier-nominated actress was subjected to the fallout that may have informed her decision.fans respected her admirable move .
john cena opened up about what it was like to call off his engagement with nikki bella , saying " it sucks . " “ there ’s no other way to say [ it ] , ” he told entertainment tonight on the red carpet at cinemacon . “ i love nicole with all my heart , and that ’s that . ” the couple announced their split on april 15 , and afterward , sources told people that nikki was the one who ended it because she " did n't need a pity husband . " " he was making it abundantly clear that he was going into this gritting his teeth the whole way , " the source said . " nikki is an amazing , talented , strong , one-of-a-kind woman . anyone would be lucky to have her in their life — yet john acted more and more like he was doing her a favor by somehow conceding to go ahead and marry her . " this is n't the first time john has commented on the breakup , and this newest comment , while not that elaborate , mirrors statements he made on social media that make it seem like this breakup is n't going well on his end . hardship , loss , and humility are extremely difficult waters to navigate , but perseverance thru them builds a strength to withstand anything life throws your way . — john cena ( @johncena ) april 16 , 2018 " hardship , loss , and humility are extremely difficult waters to navigate , but perseverance thru them builds a strength to withstand anything life throws your way , " he wrote in a tweet the day after he and nikki announced their breakup . sometimes we must bare the burden of shame and judgement to protect and give to the ones we love . #riseabovehate — john cena ( @johncena ) april 17 , 2018 " sometimes we must bare the burden of shame and judgement to protect and give to the ones we love . #riseabovehate , " he wrote two days after the breakup . he even instagrammed this the day they made the announcement . you know the feelings are deep when someone quotes the simpsons .
the current company president is going to step down and become a nintendo consultant nintendo ’s current company president , tatsumi kimishima , is going to step down but will take on a role as a consultant for the company , according to an official announcement that was made on thursday . the announcement was reported by nikkei , a japanese news outlet . kimishima became company president after the previous president , satoru iwata , passed away in 2015 . shuntaro furukawa is going to be the next president of nintendo and has a long history with the company . he joined nintendo back in 1994 and has had various roles throughout his employment at the game company . furukawa is described by nikkei as someone “ who is familiar with creating an effective sales plan such as formulation of the timing of introducing new products ” . kimishima explained that furukawa was picked not only for his business prowess but also his relatively young age . kimishima is 68 years old while his upcoming replacement , furukawa , is 46 . kimishima thinks that the company needs to be able to relate to a younger generation in order to continue to be successful . other news : the sales of the nintendo switch have reportedly reached 15 million units . source the post nintendo is getting a new boss appeared first on cogconnected .
the summer heat can be very unforgiving . as the temperature drops , there are different ways people keep cool . for instance , some people wear tank tops and short shorts , while others get their haircut to feel more breezy . if you have a pet dog of your own , you might already be aware that haircuts help regulate their body temperatures during summer . on some occasions , haircuts are recommended for more serious health reasons.there are some dog breeds that require grooming more often . moreover , there are certain dog coats that are specifically designed to keep them safe from harsh elements . for example , the husky needs its natural fur coat to protect it from sun , heat , and snow . this is why you ’ve never seen a hairless husky . well , that was until you decided to click on this article.hairless husky becomes viral on twittera bizarre picture of a hairless husky has gone viral , and it has left people confused . the photo began to trend after twitter user omonakami posted it with the caption “ if you ’ve never seen a husky with absolutely no body hair , then here you go . enjoy . ” the dog appears to be shaven down basically everywhere except the face and the tail , making it appear extremely disproportionate . it almost looks like the photo was altered , but it is very , very real . commenters have less-than-kind words to say about the photo , with many expressing their concern for the dog.twitter users used the words “ horrific , ” “ wrong , ” and “ disturbing ” to describe what was going on in the picture .
meghan markle , one month shy of her real royal wedding , had a tv wedding last night on her final episode of suits . markle 's character rachel zane got married to mike ross ( patrick j. adams ) in a very extra ceremony set to john legend 's " all of me . " the two characters were written out of the show in the loveliest of ways : they took up an offer to run a law firm together far off in seattle , pere ! ; suits is set in new york city.their vows were pretty cute : here are rachel 's : " i know that i fought it at first , but now , mike , i ca n't imagine living alongside anyone else for the rest of my life . you are the strongest man i have ever met . and you make me stronger . you are the husband i 've always wanted . and i ca n't wait to begin our adventure together . " and here are mike 's : " if i 've learned one thing , it 's that we never know what the future holds . and that can be a scary thing . but i know that there is nothing that i ca n't handle when i have you by my side . " this also marks the end of markle 's career as an actress for now . but as she said during her engagement interview with prince harry , she does n't see leaving hollywood as a sacrifice . " i do n’t see it as giving anything up , " she said . " i just see it as a change . it ’s a new chapter , right ? and also keep in mind that i ’ve been working on my show for seven years . we ’re very very fortunate to have that kind of longevity in a series . " once she hit the 100th episode , markle felt she had accomplished what she wanted to on suits . " now it ’s time to work as a team with you , " she said to harry .
lucknow , india -- a train crashed into a school van at an ungated railroad crossing in northern india on thursday , killing 12 children , police said . the van driver , who ignored a guard 's signal to stop , also was killed . another 12 children were injured in the crash and taken to a hospital in kushinagar , a town 125 miles southeast of lucknow , the capital of uttar pradesh state . five of them were in critical condition , top police officer o.p. singh said.the children , all between 5 and 14 years of age , were on their way to school after the van had picked them up from several villages , he said.a railroad guard posted at the ungated crossing signaled for the van to stop but the driver ignored the signal and crashed into the train , rail official sanjay yadav said.shocked parents and relatives of the children rushed to the accident site and the hospital after hearing the news of the crash.accidents are common on india 's railroad network , one of the world 's largest with 23 million people riding daily on about 11,000 passenger trains.crossings that lack gates to block traffic or are not guarded round-the-clock are common , especially in rural india , with poor financing often hindering efforts to improve safety .
ingredients : filling1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1 large egg 1/3 cup sugar 1/8 teaspoon salt 1 cup ( 6 ounces ) semisweet chocolate chips batter : 1 cup water 1/3 cup canola oil 1 tablespoon white vinegar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1 cup sugar 1/4 cup baking cocoa 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 teaspoon saltdirections : in a large bowl , beat the cream cheese , egg , sugar and salt until smooth . stir in chocolate chips ; set aside . for batter , in a large bowl , combine the water , oil , vinegar and vanilla . combine remaining ingredients ; add to the liquid mixture and mix well ( batter will be thin ) . spoon about 2 teaspoons of batter into greased or paper-lined miniature muffin cups . top with about 1 teaspoon of filling . bake at 350 ° for 18-23 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in cupcake portion comes out clean . cool for 10 minutes before removing to wire racks to cool completely.nutritional facts : 2 each : 114 calories , 6g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 13 mg cholesterol , 130 mg sodium , 15g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 1g protein.makes : 36 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 20 min . / batch + cooling
despite the fact that snap inc. 's spectacles product were n't the hit some were expecting , the company is nevertheless taking another swing at it by releasing an updated version.on thursday , snap inc. revealed a new version of spectacles . no , the new version still does n't do augmented reality ( yet ) , but it does come with a couple of improvements.the new version is water resistant , has a smaller profile in terms of fit ( making the frame about one-third smaller , thanks to streamlined internal electronics ) , and features improved audio via dual microphones . along with the new hardware functionality , the company claims that the device will also transfer your snaps to the snapchat app up to " four times " faster than before ( now a three second transfer , up from the previous nine second time lag ) . in addition to the updated specifications , the new version of spectacles will be offered in several new colors ( onyx , ruby , and sapphire ) , an offer two lens shades for each color . the company has also partnered with lensabl to provide prescription and polarized lenses to spectacles buyers . as for the reports , backed by founder evan spiegel himself , that sales of spectacles version one were n't great , despite all the excitement around the device , the company addressed that as well . " we anticipate being better able to predict demand this time around and will be managing orders from our suppliers with this knowledge , " said a snap inc. spokesperson in a statement . " as one example , by only selling spectacles through spectacles.com we can more accurately measure demand . when we launched the first version , we were almost exclusively selling through snapbots — this generated a lot of hype , but it was ultimately hard to measure actual demand accurately . " sales of the original device reached just 220,000 , which might be a win for a tiny company , but fell far short for a public company with the reach and influence of snap inc. now , with the release of version two ( and an ar version almost certainly coming down the line ) , we 'll have another chance to see if snapchat 's wearable tech aspirations are on the mark , or just more an investment in a future its users ca n't quite see yet .
ingredients for the cake : marshmallow-500 gfor cream : cream fat -500 mlsugar - 200 gfor filling : bananas -4 pckiwi -4 pcoranges - 2 pcstep-by-step cookingstep 1 . \ tingredientsstep 2 . \ twe cut marshmallowsstep 3 . \ tslicing fruitstep 4 . \ twhisk the cream with sugarstep 5 . \ tlay out the first layer of marshmallowsstep 6 . \ tcreamstep 7 . \ tbananasstep 8 . \ tcreamstep 9 . \ tkiwi , creamstep 10 . \ tmarshmallow , creamstep 11 . \ torangesstep 12 . \ tcream and so on.step 13 . \ tdecorate the top of the cake with fruitstep 14 . \ ta bit confectionery powder , so that it was more fun ) step 15 . \ tand now my happiness is ready to taste it ! ) so , take a wide flat dish and lay out on it a layer of marshmallow so that the gaps were as small as possible . for this , marshmallow is best cut into mugs . at the bottom we put the largest , and small we leave for the upper part . now beat the fatty cream with sugar until thick and fluffy foam and smear the marshmallow layer . next , put the banana cut into slices . again , cover the layer with cream . spread kiwi slices , after again cream . next - a layer of marshmallow with cream and a layer of oranges without skin . we form the height of our cake and decorate it as best as we like : either kiwi , oranges , or bananas , or all together . the food is quite high-calorie , so we try to eat it in small portions . however , on holidays you can pamper yourself a little .
ingredients : 1 can ( 15 ounces ) solid-pack pumpkin 2 cups sugar 1 cup canola oil 4 large eggs 2 cups all-purpose flour 2 teaspoons baking powder 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon salt filling : 1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1/3 cup sugar 1 large egg confectioners ' sugar , optionaldirections : in a large bowl , beat the pumpkin , sugar , oil and eggs until well blended . in small bowl , combine the flour , baking powder , cinnamon , baking soda and salt ; gradually beat into pumpkin mixture until blended . for filling , another small bowl , beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth . add egg ; beat on low just until combined . fill paper-lined muffin cups one-third full . drop filling by tablespoonfuls into center of each cupcake . cover with remaining batter . bake at 350 ° for 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the pumpkin portion comes out clean . cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely . dust with confectioners ' sugar if desired . refrigerate leftovers.nutritional facts : 1 each : 250 calories , 14g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 54 mg cholesterol , 179 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate ( 20g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 3g protein.makes : 24 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 20 min . + cooling
sometimes it ’s hard to keep your work life and private life separate . at tnw , we ’re all for merging the two together and finding a balance . as our ceo boris said last year , bringing your kids to work can be a great learning opportunity . it ’s also a great lesson for us adults . promoting inclusivity reminds us that being a parent does n’t make you any less of a badass in the office . of course , it ’s not always possible to bring your kids along — like when you ’re attending a huge tech conference in amsterdam . that ’s why we ’re offering free childcare at tnw conference in may . just like last year , we ’re providing a free onsite creche on both days of the conference . if your kids are 6 months to 12 years in age , our team of nannies are there to look after them . we ’ve created a fun , safe space for your children to play and learn . but what about in the evenings ? some of the best networking happens at night — whether it ’s a partner dinner , an after-party , or just drinks with new acquaintances . that ’s why we ’re going one step further this year . to make sure working parents do n’t miss out on late-night networking , we ’re partnering with holiday sitters — a startup offering certified babysitters that speak a combined total of twenty-one languages and come from an abundance of different cultures . they ’re providing 100 hours of free babysitting , and a 15 percent discount for when those hours have been used up . and if you ’d rather leave your kids at the hotel during the conference , holiday sitters has you covered . how do i sign up ? the free onsite creche will be open on both days of tnw conference , from 8 am to 6 pm . the creche is suitable for children aged 6 months to 12 years old . if you would like to book a complimentary babysitter after 6 pm , holiday sitters is happy to provide . all ticket holders will receive an email in a week ’s time , indicating how to sign up for both options . keep an eye out for the signup information , being sent soon via email to all ticket holders .
prince william got a scant two-day paternity leave before he had to show up to work for anzac day church service yesterday at westminster abbey . but he is only human , footage clearly showed . william was filmed struggling to stay awake in service , which commemorated australian and new zealand servicemen and women . his third , name-to-be-announced child was born monday . " life with a newborn baby , " people declared in its tweet of william 's battle with fatigue . accurate : he was the third wheel to meghan markle and his brother prince harry during service , and while no one can say for sure , it certainly looks like markle and harry had a moment during ( and maybe because of ) will 's struggles in this photo : william did give his new son some credit though when talking to royal reporters before service . “ sleeping ’s going reasonably well so far , " william told them . " so he ’s behaving himself , which is good . ” prince william says : “ sleeping ’s going reasonably well so far . so he ’ sbehaving himself , which is good . ” — richard palmer ( @royalreporter ) april 25 , 2018
all signs point to a new iphone se coming soon , and now we may have our first look at the unreleased smartphone . czech apple blog letemsvetemapplem ( via 9to5mac ) published photos of what it claims might be the rumored second-generation iphone se or " se 2 " as everyone 's tentatively calling it . the unconfirmed photos reveal an updated iphone se design with an aluminum frame , but with a glass back to reportedly support wireless charging . interestingly enough , the images also show apple might keep touch id and the headphone jack on the updated iphone . upgraded hardware would be also be a given . it 's possible that apple might bump up the iphone se 's current a9 chip to the newer a10 . improved front and back cameras would also be welcome additions , but it 's unclear if apple would actually update them in order to keep pricing low . besides these minor tweaks , the new iphone se will probably have the same 4-inch retina display . phones with big screens — especially ones with super slim bezels and a dimensions — are the norm , but there are still people who prefer smaller phones and the iphone se would cater to them . low pricing would also be another big reason to sell a new iphone se . the current model costs $ 349 and is the cheapest way to get into the iphone ecosystem . the leaked images do n't confirm the new iphone se , though . the source previously published leaked images of the iphone 7 prior to its official launch and those turned out to be fakes . furthermore , it 's very possible the leaked images we 're looking at are aftermarket modifications . we 've seen many case mods that do things like transform an iphone 7 into an iphone x. the iphone se is rumored to launch this summer . apple might announce the new phone at wwdc in early june . in the meantime , believe nothing until apple makes an official announcement .
after the ' novelon ' that has been unleashed after sara uribe publicly announced her reconciliation with fredy guarín and that she would leave everything to go live in china . now who gives what to talk about is andreina fiallo , former footballer , who these days has been very much in love.through their social networks , the mother of guarín 's children revealed that her heart already has a new owner . what caught the attention of the photo was not the words of the woman but the engagement ring that at first glance can be seen . " you are the gift that god sent me as a person , " the businesswoman wrote in the photo that has received more than 20 thousand likes and hundreds of comments of all kinds , especially congratulating her because after so much controversy , she returned to be happy . " she is quite a lady !!! her children are going to feel very proud of the mother that god gave them ... god bless you and move on , calm that everyone assumes the consequences of their actions " , " you deserve everything good " , " lady among the divine ladies " , were some of the comments of users in the publication .
when melissa ben-ishay opened baked by melissa , her goal was to give people a dessert they could feel less guilty about . her bite-sized cupcakes are just enough of a sugar rush to get your through the afternoon , without a post-freakshake-level crash . her latest cupcake , created in collaboration with the make-a-wish foundation , will make you feel even better about satisfying your sweet tooth . for every blue-and-white tie-dye cupcake sold between april 29 and may 31 , ben-ishay will donate 75 cents to make-a-wish , an organization that makes dreams come true for children with critical illnesses . if you buy a latest &amp; greatest pack , which includes the make-a-wish cupcake $ 1.50 will be donated.baked by melissa ben-ishay recently welcomed a young boy named joshua into her kitchen to help fulfill his goal of being a chef in a real nyc kitchen . joshua was born with a severe congenital heart defect , and has already had multiple surgeries to try and correct it . " i saw firsthand how a wish provides kids a chance to dream beyond their illness , beyond the pain and beyond the treatment — giving them hope to look to the future and see the light , " she said in a statement . baked by melissa the cupcakes will be available in baked by melissa stores starting on world wish day , which falls on sunday , april 29 . the date marks the day the first wish was granted 38 years ago . since then , more than 300,000 wishes have been fulfilled . to purchase cupcakes online , head here after the 29th .
life often surprises us with things and situations that we did n’t expect to see . or maybe we expected them but not in this way . for example , you ordered something on the internet but received something completely different . or you bought a product because there was a beautiful picture of it on the package and what you found inside was a complete disappointment.sometimes , the reality exceeds all expectations . try to guess which of these pictures show the reality and which show expectations.tattoo masters are artists , too . they have their own vision.the manufacturer probably thinks that there is no difference.this is not at all what i had in mind when i bought this balloon ball ... ”“ there is a big difference . ” almost half the pack of oreo if filled with ... air.these marshmallows do n’t smell like magic at all . “ i am not groot . ”“ when the manicurist was done , she admired her own work and said , ’ this is better than what you showed me . ’” we all need to get used to this : bonus : technically , there is no deception here
by / april 26 , 2018 rob gronkowski announced tuesday on instagram and twitter that he will return to play for the new england patriots in the fall . “ i met with coach today and informed him i will be back for the 2018 season with the pats , ” the veteran tight end wrote . “ i have been working out , staying in shape and feel great . looking forward to another championship run . ” there had been some speculation in recent months as to whether the star player , known as ‘ gronk , ’ would retire soon and pursue other opportunities , like working as a hollywood actor or perhaps a career in professional wrestling . gronkowski , who will be 29 in may , has suffered several injuries , including a severe back injury that ended his 2016 season early . the five-time pro bowler has scored 77 touchdowns during his 8-year nfl career . a horse named after him was set to compete in this year ’s kentucky derby , which will take place on may 5 , but the horse pulled out recently due to an illness . gronkowski tweeted about the news : according to espn , gronkowski led the pats in 2017 with 69 catches , and compiled 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns . gronkowski has had three back surgeries since joining the nfl . he said after super bowl lii that concussions would not be the main reason he would retire from the league . chat with usports on facebook ! get the latest news and interviews delivered directly to your messenger!you must be logged in to post a comment .
mr porter bowling enjoys as long and storied history as a less-than-stylish sport ( if you can even call it a sport ) . the guys in movies like the big lebowski and kingpin were n't exactly fashion heroes in their day , after all . but right now , with the " anything goes and weirder is better " vibe suffusing the world of menswear , it 's not exactly surprising that dudes who just want to throw a few frames could become inspiration for a very fashionable new collection by prada and mr porter . crucial here is the fact that prada leaned slightly into the inherent camp of bowling style without going too far . you wo n't see any gigantic " prada bowling league " graphics emblazoned on camp-collar shirts . but you will find a pins-and-balls print on the back of a t-shirt . ( it 's all about balance . ) and if you want to skip the lanes and simply reference the mid-century vibe of the collaborative collection — a first for prada , by the way — mr porter is also stocking pieces like aloha shirts , subtly pleated trousers , and color-blocked cardigans that actually manage to feel a little rebellious in their just-tweaked-enough ordinariness . before you strike out and start shopping , check out some of our favorite picks from the new capsule right here.prada courtesy
the duke and duchess of cambridge are n't wanting for household help . the royal couple has a staff of people to assist them in the days following their third child 's birth , but sometimes grandma just knows best . kate 's mother carole middleton has arrived at kensington palace , not only to meet her grandson , the yet-to-be named prince , but also to help out with george and charlotte , while will and kate care for the new royal baby . according to people , middleton " adores being a granny and always tells people , ' i ’m loving it . ' " middleton was seen with kate 's brother , james middleton , at the royal residence yesterday . she was also spotted picking prince george up from school , for a little quality time with grandma . aunt pippa , who is reportedly expecting a child of her own , also stopped by the palace yesterday to meet her nephew.pippa middleton arrives at kensington palace . on the other side of the family , prince charles will reportedly meet the baby today . he has been in france for anzac day memorial services , but he 's already expressed his joy over the royal family 's new addition . " we are both so pleased at the news , " reads a statement from both charles and his wife camilla , duchess of cornwall . " it is a great joy to have another grandchild , the only trouble is i do n’t know how i am going to keep up with them . " royal watchers everywhere are hoping the little one 's name is announced today . while prince george and princess charlotte 's names were both shared publicly two days after their birth , the duke and duchess of cambridge have opted to wait a little longer with their third child . as royal commentator victoria arbiter told t &amp; c earlier this month , " the reasoning is perhaps two fold . on one hand there 's a desire to inform the families before a public declaration is made and any new parent appreciates having a little private time to get to know their new addition before the onslaught of announcements , " she said via email . " royals , however , also have to consider the great responsibility in naming a new member of the family and i expect they want to be a hundred percent certain of their choice before announcing the name and sealing the baby 's place in history . "
it ’s a banner week for snapchat . the company has announced a new version of its spectacles which appear to be an improvement on the original . it ’s also shown off snappables , ar games you can play with friends . in between that news , however , it ’s come to light the company is also going to start testing unskippable video ads . the details : according to digiday , snapchat is flirting with the idea of running unskippable six-second ads on some of its biggest shows — though not in the discover section or your stories . an insider said the company was using the fact that “ so much of the snapchat generation has gotten accustomed to watching ads to get content ” to rationalize the change . the bigger picture : if this were the only major change to snapchat recently , it would n’t be worth noting . but snapchat ’s recent history of fiddling with its app has already raised the ire of users . if the company follows the same playbook of brute-forcing the change on its users , it could be in for some trouble . snapchat ’s policy towards adapting users to change appears to be “ stick with it until they stop complaining . ” when a change.org petition begging the company to undo the app redesign got 1 million signatures , the company responded by assuring the petitioners the app would “ adapt to you the more that you use it ” and also said it was just hoping users would “ settle in . ” the test will allegedly begin sometime in may . the next web ’s 2018 conference is almost here , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
most of the time , cats are known for being distant , uninterested , and for showing a lack of affection . in fact , cats are usually recognized for their disdain for other animals as well . anyone who owns a cat and has tried to bring another animal into the house knows what we ’re talking about . cats are n’t particularly friendly or loving.however , in an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , poland , there is a little black cat named radamenes who does the complete opposite of what a normal cat does . after being miraculously rescued , he has become a frequent visitor at the hospital , often cuddling , hugging , and sometimes even cleaning other animals.how he got into the hospital in the first placehe was originally brought into the animal shelter because he was suffering from a respiratory infection . his condition was so bad that his owners thought he would have to be put down.miraculous rescueveterinarian lucyna kuziel-zawalich took a liking to the sick cat and nursed him back to health before taking radamenes in as her own , as the owners were considering euthanasia . + recovery from lovehe spent a lot of time in the hospital recovering , and the hospital staff were continually surprised to discover him cuddling with the other animals in the shelter.nurse ’s dutieshecompassionate kitty spent an awful lot of time hugging and even cleaning the animals around him.he especially seemed to spend a lot of time with the animals who had recently underwent a major surgery.kept coming backeven after he was discharged from the hospital , he continued to come back and visit , almost as if he felt a sense of duty or responsibility.full-time nursestaff members at the shelter say that he performs the duties of a full-time nurse , and some even affectionately joke that radamenes is their mascot!a heartwarming storyradamenes ’ story has become fairly well-known and it is a testament to the level of compassion that can be shown by an animal . if he can do it , why ca n’t we?moment of fameradamenes has become a local attraction , and people actually visit the shelter just to see him , for good luck!cats are n’t so badwe guess cats are n’t as disconnected as we thought they were . cats can clearly be loving , caring , compassionate animals too !
in 1994 , amazon was a modest bookseller operating out of a garage . today , the company is worth $ 685 billion , and it does way more than sell books . name an industry , and amazon probably has some sort of plan to dominate it : transportation . artificial intelligence . healthcare . it ’s gotten to the point that people are ( jokingly ? ) alluding to the company ’s inevitable world domination . it feels … a little too real to be funny . helping amazon along that path are all sorts of outside-the-box tech projects . some are merely patents , some are already happening , but all are pretty crazy . we thought up some pretty crazy schemes of our own . and we bet we can fool you into thinking they ’re the real deal . can you guess which amazon projects are real and which are fake ( at least for now ) : want to read more about the answers after you ’ve taken the quiz ? scroll down . so , spoiler : they ’re all real . that ’s because amazon ’s schemes are so batshit that we seriously could n’t even make this stuff up . dystopia is n’t here yet , but with all these schemes , it does n’t feel all that far away .
ingredients : 2 bone-in pork loin chops ( 8 ounces each ) 1/4 cup water 1/4 cup ketchup 2 tablespoons white vinegar 1 tablespoon dried minced onion 1 tablespoon brown sugar 1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce 1-1/2 teaspoons lemon juice 1-1/2 teaspoons reduced-sodium soy sauce 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard 2 slices part-skim mozzarella cheese ( 3/4 ounce each ) 2 slices deli ham ( 3/4 ounce each ) directions : cut a pocket in each chop by slicing almost to the bone ; set aside . in a small bowl , combine the water , ketchup , vinegar , onion , brown sugar , worcestershire sauce , lemon juice , soy sauce , garlic powder and mustard . pour 1/2 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag ; add pork . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate overnight . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain and discard marinade . place a cheese slice on each slice of ham ; roll up jelly-roll style . insert into each pocket ; secure with toothpicks . grill pork chops , covered , over medium heat for 4-5 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 145 ° , basting occasionally with reserved marinade . let meat stand for 5 minutes before serving . discard toothpicks.nutritional facts : 1 each : 478 calories , 25g fat ( 11g saturated fat ) , 134 mg cholesterol , 810 mg sodium , 14g carbohydrate ( 11g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 48g protein.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
matt roloff of little people , big world had a big scare earlier this week when he found out that the roloff family farm had almost caught on fire . " farm 's on fire . a miracle i happened to look over and see this . . , " he captioned the video below of the incident . in the clip , the patriarch of the tlc reality family can be heard describing what he saw . " i 've never seen anything like this , " matt said . " the ground 's on fire , but i ca n't imagine how that would 've happened or what 's going on . we 're right here south of the wedding barn . that 's why i 'm nervous . i 'm not going to walk away from this . " the wedding barn is where matt 's daughter , molly , married her husband joel in august , so it 's evident that the space holds many dear memories for the family . in the video , matt also mentioned that he was going to try and get a hose to put out the small fire . in the comment section , followers of matt 's page chimed in with their own suggestions . " i would definitely call the fire dept. because you never know how deep the fire actually is below the surface , " one fan wrote . " i can hear the wind and that is too dangerous to ignore . all it takes is one spark to travel . " " omg soak the ground with water , " another suggested . " you should call the fire dept just so they can check it out . you surely do n't want that happening anywhere else on your beautiful farm . " in a teaser for this season of little people , big world , matt and his ex-wife amy discussed possibly selling the farm in the future , according to people . “ we ’ve been talking a lot about the farm . trying to figure out how to keep it or not keep it , ” matt tells amy in the preview . on instagram tuesday , matt shared the same video of the fire , but did not provide an update about the farm .
just over one year ago , tamron hall shockingly left today after losing her 9 a.m. time slot to megyn kelly . the 47-year-old journalist joined the show as a co-anchor in 2014 and hosted msnbc live , a daily news show . it was n't an amicable split — representatives from nbc stated that they were disappointed in hall 's decision . hall , on the other hand , simply said that she was " excited about the next chapter " after spending 10 years at the network.now , hall 's latest tweet is rehashing old — unhealed — wounds : could she just be dropping by to say " heyyyyy ? " or perhaps , throwing serious shade at her former employer ? most fans believe it 's the latter . revenge is a dish best served cold . smile tamron . we miss you — teresa carlisle ( @teresacarlisle ) april 25 , 2018 sassy commentary aside , it 's clear that hall 's fans are itching her to get back on morning television — and many are still angry with how she was treated : i miss you so much on the today show !! it ’s just not the same without you !! you are my favorite ! now i watch good morning america more often . seeing your replacement just makes me sick to my stomach . it should be you there , not her . and i ’m not talking about hoda ’s promotion ! — rita davis young ( @ritadavisyoung1 ) april 25 , 2018 a few fans are hopeful that hall 's post may be hinting at a comeback . really , where is she headed?are you just driving by or are you stopping ? :-) — rita schott ( @ritaschott ) april 25 , 2018 are you really ?? keeping my fingers crossed just in case ... tbd ... . wishing and hoping . . — susie ( @sas209 ) april 25 , 2018 while hall has stayed hush hush about her today departure , she 's been busy at work creating her hulu series , tamron 's hall pass . the show is set to premiere this year . in the meantime , we expect that she 'll keep us entertained on social media . because as this commenter points out , she 's a queen .
subway is set to close about 500 stores this year . and that 's after closing over 800 stores last year in an effort to fight flagging sales . according to bloomberg , subway 's sales fell 4.4 percent last year.subway ceo suzanne greco told bloomberg that the company also plans to move some of its locations to more prime areas in an effort to add more customers . “ we want to be sure that we have the best location , ” greco told bloomberg . “ we focused in the past on restaurant count . we ’re focused now on strengthening market share . ” according to bloomberg , the fast-food chain recently introduced a new loyalty program and has remodeled several stores to encourage customers to come back . the loyalty program is currently available in all their u.s. and canada locations and offers special discounts and free items in-store like drinks , cookies , and even subs.remodeled stores will add touch-screen ordering kiosks , usb charging ports , neon logos throughout the restaurant , and a station where customers can pick up their online orders.in life and in food , do n’t take what you are given . make it what you want . pic.twitter.com/3aanimdsot— subway ® ( @subway ) february 16 , 2018 greco said the closings are a result of tough competition from other restaurant chains and grab-and-go items from supermarkets and gas stations . she says these competitors are making the company find ways to serve customrs faster and more efficiently . though subway is closing locations in the united states , it 's actually expanding overseas . the chain will add more than 1,000 locations abroad including the u.k. , south korea , china , and other india . according to business insider , subway has 25,835 locations in the united states , which is even more than mcdonald 's . some franchise owners told the site the store count was a problem from the beginning , as locations began competing against each other for sales . they also complained that lack of new items and special deals have made it hard for them to generate a profit and bring back customers . " this year , it 's going to be more [ locations shutting down ] " , one franchisee told business insider . " there 's not a connection , i feel , with the demographics and the target . "
there has been much chatter in the recent weeks about system of a down , with the band recently teasing " something " on their twitter account . many fans speculated , incredibly optimistically , that the quartet would be releasing new music . turns out it was a countdown to an announcement of very limited tour dates . there is some good news , though , for fans of the members ' side projects . guitarist daron malakian is back with new music with his band scars on broadway . recorded in sessions dating back to 2012 , malakian on monday released the video for a new song called " lives . " with the heavy driving riff leading the charge in his new track , malakian stamps his signature sound that we 've missed in the last decade . as a fan of system of a down , and with no new music from them coming in the near future , one ca n't help but wonder , " why should n't this be an soad song ? " regardless , scars on broadway stands on its own two feet and malakian 's ability to write incredible songs will make the upcoming album dictator a much anticipated record . malakian also revealed that he is working with his band and will record another record very soon . in a recent interview with rolling stone , malakian describes the song 's meaning and also joins in the speculating upon the fate of system of a down . i recorded the album and then around that time system started playing live again . so every time we 'd play live , there 'd be conversations like , ' maybe we 'll do an album . ' so being the guy who wrote the majority of almost all the system songs in the past , i was like , ' alright , let me see what 's happening with it . let me hold onto these songs and let me see how this develops . ' we talked about it and we were n't all on the same page . not everybody was into the idea . but every time we played live , it kept coming up . i just got to the point now where a lot of people were asking about the scars album – i hear it all the time – so i was like , ' i 'm gon na put this album out . ' not knowing what 's happening with system has kept me from putting my own stuff out . too much time has passed , and i 'm really excited to finally get some music out finally . so , that 's the reason why the scars on broadway website has been the same for several years , teasing an ep and an album that are finally coming ! dictator will be available on july 20 . the new single is about the armenian genocide and its survivors . the video features beautifully choreographed armenian folk dancing , perfectly in tune and appropriate for the song . watch the video for " lives " below :
ingredients : 2 cups all-purpose flour 2 tablespoons sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon baking soda 2 large eggs , lightly beaten 2 cups ( 16 ounces ) plain yogurt 1/4 cup water semisweet chocolate chips , dried cranberries , sliced ripe bananas and coarsely chopped pecans , optionaldirections : in a small bowl , combine the flour , sugar , baking powder and baking soda . in another bowl , whisk the eggs , yogurt and water . stir into dry ingredients just until moistened . pour batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto a hot griddle coated with cooking spray . sprinkle with optional ingredients if desired . turn when bubbles form on top ; cook until the second side is golden brown . freeze option : arrange cooled pancakes in a single layer on baking sheets . freeze overnight or until frozen . transfer to a resealable plastic freezer bag . may be frozen for up to 2 months . to use , place pancakes on a microwave-safe plate ; microwave on high for 40-50 seconds or until heated through.nutritional facts : 2 each : 242 calories , 5g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 81 mg cholesterol , 403 mg sodium , 40g carbohydrate ( 9g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 9g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 starch.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
different companies produce different products for achieving younger skin , with promised removed wrinkles , smooth lines and raised eyelids.the problem is that many products contain chemicals and we are rubbing them into our skin.but there is an all-natural ingredient now , for which you might not even heard about , that can help you look better and more beautifulgarlic is a known ingredient in cooking . as a natural and organic ingredient is used in central asia , where people are just giving away the whole harvest garlic as a food source with excellent well-being and “ benefits ” for beauty . [ read also : look 10 years younger with an easy-to-do japanese beauty regimen ] the introduction of garlic in your diet will reduce cholesterol , help in the fight against wicked disease , but also help in prevent of colds . it is also an effective natural exfoliation.prepare a great mask for rejuvenating your face skin.for this recipe you will need the following ingredients : garlic white clay honey cold water towel spoon tureenconvert garlic into a paste , add one spoon of honey and one spoon of white clay . mix it all together . make sure your hair is away from your face , and put this mixture on.let stand for 10 minutes.then all rinse with cold water . this treatment can be repeated every day .
ingredients : 1/2 cup all-purpose flour 1 large egg , lightly beaten 3/4 cup seasoned bread crumbs 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 5 ounces each ) 1/8 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons olive oil 2 italian rolls , split 2 slices provolone cheese 1/3 cup marinara or other meatless pasta sauce , warmeddirections : place flour and egg in separate shallow bowls . in another bowl , toss bread crumbs with parmesan cheese . pound chicken with a meat mallet to 1/2-in . thickness ; sprinkle with salt and pepper . dip chicken in flour to coat both sides ; shake off excess . dip in egg , then in crumb mixture . in a large skillet , heat oil over medium heat . add chicken ; cook until golden brown and chicken is no longer pink , 4-5 minutes per side . serve in rolls with provolone cheese and sauce.nutritional facts : 1 sandwich : 669 calories , 32g fat ( 10g saturated fat ) , 198 mg cholesterol , 1124 mg sodium , 45g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 48g protein.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 25 min .
the wait for the remake may be a very long one the final fantasy vii remake may be farther away than fans anticipated , if a new interview with a japanese developer holds any water . according to reddit user dan tsusaka , a 3d artist working in tokyo , square enix was forced to reboot development after arresting the property from cyberconnect 2 . reports were spotted first on resetera , an interview in which tsusaka gave insider knowledge on the state of ffvii development . by his account , square enix employed developer cyberconnect 2 for the final fantasy vii remake only long enough to regret it . not only was square enix disappointed by the work , but , judging by the interview , it seems assets from the past two years were scrapped . very little , if any , of cyberconnect 2 ’s work shall be reused following the shift to in-house development . hence , a mid-development reboot fits the bill if the report rings true . tsukasa said the following : “ [ square enix ] do n’t have 4 years of work , they have 2 . the announcement that square was taking the game away from cyberconnect2 , they did n’t take it away and continue it , they started it again because cyberconnect ’s work was just so useless and not far enough along , but still far enough along that remaking it was faster than refactoring it … ( it was n’t in a good state at all ) . “ i ’ll explain it this way . when has a company taking work away from another company ever been a positive sign of things ? i know cyberconnects work was unusable , i ’ve worked with them before , i know their level . “ and i know they outsourced to hell and back in order to get things to the point we saw them publicly , and it still was n’t enough to save them “ i ’m not speculating though . i ’ve worked with these people and know people working still at both square and cc2 , i ’m explaining what happened from what i know . ” of course , we encourage readers to take every word with a healthy grain of salt . while social media rumors often bear no weight , we took into account the fact that figures such as swery and ex-ffxv lead designer wan hazmer follow the source on twitter . furthermore , before today , we heard prevalent whispers of development issues , especially after se job postings searching for “ core members ” surfaced . time will tell if there ’s any truth to these reports . at the same time , if they are true , the wait will be very , very long . source
ingredients : 6 ounces boneless skinless chicken breast , cut into bite-size pieces 1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms 2 tablespoons chopped onion 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 garlic clove , minced 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour 1 cup alfredo sauce 3/4 cup 2 % cottage cheese 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese , divided 1 large egg , lightly beaten 1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley flakes 4 lasagna noodles , cooked and drained 1-1/2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheesedirections : in a large skillet , saute the chicken , mushrooms and onion in oil until chicken is no longer pink . add garlic ; cook 1 minute longer . stir in flour until blended ; gradually stir in alfredo sauce . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , for 3-5 minutes or until thickened . in a small bowl , combine the cottage cheese , 1/4 cup parmesan cheese , egg , italian seasoning and parsley . spread 1/2 cup alfredo mixture in an 8x4-in . loaf pan coated with cooking spray . layer with two noodles ( trimmed to fit pan ) , half of the cottage cheese mixture , half of the remaining alfredo mixture and 3/4 cup mozzarella cheese . sprinkle with remaining parmesan cheese . repeat layers . cover and bake at 350 ° for 30 minutes . uncover ; bake 10 minutes longer or until bubbly . let stand for 10 minutes before cutting.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 621 calories , 30g fat ( 16g saturated fat ) , 173 mg cholesterol , 1014 mg sodium , 40g carbohydrate ( 9g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 48g protein.makes : 3 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 40 min . + standing
tv has been with us for a long time , and it might seem odd to even think about a time when every home did n’t have at least one television device . broadcast tv as we know it today is a far cry from the first television receivers that operated in only black and white , with only a very limited reception and a terrible visual screen . get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . the birth of television the first televisions were prohibitively expensive , and it took several years and a lot of refining before the tv became the ' must have ' item for every home . however , television captured our imagination and by the 1970 ’s statistics showed that many homes were still without an indoor toilet or fridge , but most had a working tv . it did n’t take long for advertisers to realise that television was the perfect medium for getting their message out to the wide world easily and quickly . the television advert was born and has stayed with us over several decades , with many tv channels and programs being funded solely by advertising revenue , but over recent years the way the public view and use tv has changed dramatically . on-demand entertainment the increased and improved internet connections that most people now have access to , have turned the tide on normal viewing and the incredible rise of the social media trend now gives access to tv and news information in a totally different way . the general public are no longer willing to wait for the information that they require , and the increased use of apps to enable the sifting of such information has given viewers the capability to pick and choose how , what and when they see any relevant content . research from price comparison experts money guru indicates that 1 in 5 people have never watched live tv . the ability to stream , record and view information programs including news on devices like smartphones and tablets has brought with it a new freedom . obviously , the decrease in normal television viewing has had a knock-on effect on the way advertising is used and the latest way to promote consumer goods is to use product placement . 2017 was the first time that advertisers spent more of digital advertising space than on the traditional style of tv adverts . what next for tv ? so where does all this change leave normal broadcast tv and what does the future hold ? will tv as we know it become obsolete or can it change with the times and evolve ? the answers to these questions are still very much under debate with many having the opinion that tv has weathered such storms before with the introduction of cable tv for instance , and still come out victorious , whilst others firmly believe that standard broadcast tv has run its course and will soon be replaced by a more modern and up-to-date viewing medium . the huge increase in streaming programs like netflix , hulu , youtube and amazon have given people the viewing access they want , whilst the newer smart tv ’s give internet access , music on demand and news programs as and when required . in fact , money guru ’s research shows that those who watch live tv at least once a week has shrunk from 92 % to 80 % . however , if tv broadcasters keep evolving using the latest technologies , applications and keep abreast of the innovative trends in viewing , then the future of broadcast tv need not be a dark place .
donald trump did a phone interview today with his favorite television show , fox &amp; friends , and things got a little personal . because today is his wife , melania trump 's , birthday ( a fact trump brought up himself at the very start of the interview ) , the hosts politely asked what he got the first lady for the big day . " well , i better not get into that 'cause i may get in trouble . maybe i did n't get her so much , " trump said with a laugh . hilarious , right ? " i got her a beautiful card , " he added . " you know , i 'm very busy to be running out looking for presents , okay ? but i got her a beautiful card , and some beautiful flowers , and she did a fantastic job with france . " do n't forget the fox &amp; friends birthday shoutout , donald . having your husband tell reporters that he purposely scheduled a 30-minute interview to coincide with your birthday ? it 's the priceless gift everyone woman dreams of.the " fantastic job with france " bit refers to french president emmanuel macron and his wife , brigitte 's recent visit to washington and the trumps ' first state dinner . melania , who turns 48 today , has made headlines multiple times in the past week . while welcoming macron and his wife , melania was caught on camera avoiding donald trump 's attempts to hold her hand ( yet again — because this has happened before ) . “ i know i ’ve been an absentee dad and a horrible husband - including flagrant affairs while you were pregnant - but let ’s just hold hands at this event ... ” pic.twitter.com/gldcs40ick— shannon watts ( @shannonrwatts ) april 24 , 2018 and last weekend , the internet went wild over a picture of melania flashing former president barack obama a beaming smile at barbara bush 's funeral in houston . twitter users joked that it was ironic that melania appeared happier at a funeral with obama than she has at more festive occasions with her own husband .
we have another wonderful giveaway for you today from bladez toys ; this time we have three thomas playsets to give away for you ! that is three winners , each getting one playset for hours of fun . as yuo can see , these are rather wonderful for any train fan . there are eight jumbo track pieces for you to connect up and use with the motorised train that comes with the set . you can keep rearranging the tiles , and change his route , so many times as well ; there are over 50 combinations for you to choose from . the set is designed to help with stem skills , in particular problem solving , and co-ordination . it is , of course , also perfect for any thomas the tank engine fan regardless of the educational value of the toy ; which might make you feel a lot better about buying ( or winning ?!? ) it . the toy does need 1 x aaa battery , which is n’t included within the set , and it is aimed for children 3 + years ; the perfect age for thomas nuts ! as usual with our prizes , we have a very simple way of entering the giveaway . all you need to do is fill out the widget below from gleam . we have a few options for you , and if you share the exclusive link for the giveaway , and your friends enter , you will get bonus entries too ! thanks so much for popping along to look at this giveaway . we are closing this on thursday 24th may at 11.59 pm , so you do have plenty of time , but why not enter now , so you do n’t forget ! we are sure that this will be a really popular giveaway as these thomas playsets do look like a lot of fun ; for anyone with a little of a train obsession , they may even give you enough time to go to the loo ! thanks so much for reading this , and do sign up for further emails to keep up to date with all the articles , and printables that we release on the site every week . you can , of course , unsubscribe at any time you wish to . take care , and see you again soon ! helen
listen , there 's a lot going on right now , so i 'll keep it brief : kanye west came back to twitter . he 'd been gone awhile ! he tweeted , um , a lot . he tweeted about donald trump and their similar " dragon energy . " donald trump tweeted back at him . he continued to tweet . about everything ! his celebrity friends began unfollowing him on twitter . he started posting screenshots from john legend , who reached out to him to try and somehow , anyhow reach him ( let the record show kim kardashian tried to do this as well ) . anyway , here we are now and chrissy teigen has spoken . after the original john screengrab tweets , chrissy explained why she had n't chosen to comment publicly — clearly , she and john were reaching out in a more private matter.everyone keeps asking me to comment on shit . comment on psycho tami lasagna , whom i refuse to give the joy to , say something about rhoa , speak up about kanye . when it comes to people we know , we do speak up . to them . not on twitter . and sometimes , i guess it makes it to twitter . — christine teigen ( @chrissyteigen ) april 26 , 2018 fine . great ! now this : @kimkardashian are we still doing dinner friday or no lol — christine teigen ( @chrissyteigen ) april 26 , 2018 chrissy , i love you . you are brilliant and hilarious . are you still getting dinner with the kardashian-wests on friday ? can you let us know when you know ? we 'd love to write a million more articles about it , which surely , you 'd love for us to do as well.please ! keep us updated !! thanks so much !! talk soon !!!!
robert rihmeek williams , 30 , more commonly known as meek mill has been released from prison . he was freed on tuesday after the pennsylvania supreme court ordered his immediate release . the justices told the judge who sentenced him to let him out on “ unsecured bail . ” mill released a statement thanking those who supported him through his almost five months of prison . “ i ’d like to thank god , my good friend michael rubin , my fans , the pennsylvania supreme court and all my public advocates for their love support and encouragement during this difficult time , ” he said . “ while the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . ” mill was sentenced to prison because he violated his parole . the sentence was two to four years in prison , this sparked outrage from activist and supporters such as jay-z , t.i , rick ross and the 76srs co owner michael rubin . “ i think what the support did is bring the overall problem of the criminal justice reform that ’s needed to light , ” rubin told cnn . “ there ’s so many other people who have been wrongfully convicted . ” in november , jay-z stopped a concert to speak about mill ’s conviction . “ he caught a charge when he was , like 19 . he ’s 30 now , he ’s been on probation for 11 years . f – king11 years . judge gave him two to four years because he got arrested for being on a bike and popping a f – king wheelie . ” in a op-ed piece for the new york times , he said mill ’s sentence was “ just on example of how our criminal system justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people everyday . ” once mill was released from prison rubin picked him up along with kevin hart after visiting . mill rang the ceremonial bell and met with some of the players before the game started . mill said he looks forward to reuniting with his family and resuming his music career .
jim keller , who has been running tesla 's autopilot hardware program since 2016 , is leaving the company for intel . the news , a major loss for tesla , was first reported by electrek.keller has had crucial roles in overseeing some of the major tech projects of the last decade . before tesla , he played a major role in apple 's development of a4 and a5 processors , the processors that powered many apple mobile devices from 2010 to 2012 . and before that , he worked at chipmaker advanced micro devices ( amd ) , developing the zen computer processor microarchitecture.at the time of his hiring , tesla said that " jim will bring together the best internal and external hardware technologies to develop the safest , most advanced autopilot systems in the world . " during that time , autopilot as seen both successes and failures . while the autopilot feature is generally " reliable and pleasantly novel , " every time the hardware fails it flies in the face of some of the grandiose claims the company 's ceo , elon musk has made . a crash into a fire truck earlier this year showed that the work is far from done . in a press statement , the company said that " prior to joining tesla , jim ’s core passion was microprocessor engineering and he ’s now joining a company where he ’ll be able to once again focus on this exclusively . we appreciate his contributions to tesla and wish him the best . ” losing a chip architect of keller 's stature would be a loss for any company , and in tesla 's case represents only the latest high-level employee loss in recent years . the california company has recently parted ways with its top sales executive and chief financial officer as well . but it 's not like tesla is having any trouble recruiting top-tier talent . keller is getting replaced by pete bannon , who has quite the industry stature in his own right . a spokesman for the company says thatpete bannon , who has been at tesla for over two years , will now lead autopilot hardware . pete has been building processors since 1984 , co-led the development of apple ’s a5 chip and then continued development through to the a9 chip . prior to apple , pete was the vp of architecture and verification at pa semi . andrej karpathy , tesla ’s director of ai and autopilot vision , will now have overall responsibility for all autopilot software.at intel , keller will be reuniting with intel ’s chief chip architect raja koduri . keller and koduri worked together at amd and at apple . the band having gotten back together , the two will work on new products at intel , according to the wall street journal.source : electrek
hearty manicotti ( 8 main dish servings ) 1 lb . italian sweet sausage links1 lb . ground beef1 medium onion , chopped2 16 oz . cans tomato puree1 6 oz . can tomato paste1 tsp . sugar1/2 tsp . pepper2 tbsp . parsley , choppedbasilsalt1 8 oz . package manicotti shells4 cups ricotta cheese1 8 oz . package mozzarella cheeseparmesan cheesein covered 5 quart dutch oven . over medium heat , in 1/4 cupwater , cook sausage links 5 minutes . uncover , brown well , drainon paper towel.spoon fat from dutch oven . over medium heat brown ground beefand onions , stir in tomato puree , paste , sugar , pepper , 1 tsp.basil , 1 tsp . salt , 1 cup water ; simmer , covered 45 minutes.cut sausage into bite-size pieces ; add to mixture and cook 15minutes , stirring occasionally . meanwhile , cook manicotti aslabel directs ; drain . preheat oven to 375 degrees.in a large bowl , combine ricotta and mozzarella ( diced ) cheeses , parsley , 3/4 tsp . basil , 1/2 tsp salt ; stuff into shells.spoon half of meat sauce into 13 " x 9 " baking dish . place halfof shells over sauce in one layer . spoon remaining sauce , except3/4 cup , over shells , top with remaining shells in one layer.spoon reserved meat sauce over top . sprinkle with parmesan . bake30 minutes .
women 's hairstyles for short hair in the style of the iroquois began to actively exploit the stars , so eager to isolate themselves from the total number of masses . a little later , the hair was decorated not only with the famous videos , but also their evening dresses when attending social events , which served as a quick popularization among ordinary ladies.such hairdressing masterpieces really allow to remain in the center of attention , but at the same time bind hands . it is unlikely that you will be able to go to work using such a radical style . it is much more appropriate at parties or sports events , if you are not limited to a dress code , then it will do a good job , adding to the image , and making it brighter.many are worried about how much this or that outfit will suit this hairstyle . in most cases , it will not be difficult to find a decent apparel . ordinary things always look great , but in the evening dresses you will look ambiguous , but it 's quite beautiful.as you can see , not all images are so provocative . some of them are pretty nice and in the future will be able to become classics.it remains only to choose the most suitable for yourself hair and enjoy the result , which will bring her charm . do not be afraid to make bold decisions , because they are the ones that can turn you into the brightest star .
“ you have six days in which to do your work , but the seventh day is a day of rest dedicated to me . ” exodus 20:9 gntrest is so important to god that he put it in the ten commandments . he wants you to take a day off every week . that ’s called the sabbath , which literally means a day of rest , and god wants us to do it every seventh day . ( the day is n’t important . it does n’t have to be a certain day , just every seventh day . ) it ’s so important that even god rested on the seventh day when he created everything — not because he was tired but to give us an example of how we should rest.what do you do on this sabbath day to actually have it be a day of rest ? 1 . rest your body.god has made us so that we need rest . if your car engine heat light were showing red , you would stop because you would know it ’s going to damage the engine . god says if you do n’t take one day out of seven to rest , if you keep pumping the adrenaline all day , every day , seven days a week , your engine is going to explode somehow . so your best requires rest . you have to take the time to rest .2 . recharge your emotions.just be quiet ! or maybe you need to reconnect in your relationships . maybe there ’s some kind of recreation that rejuvenates you . i ’m not talking about competitive recreation . some of you are n’t recharging your emotions out on the golf course . you ’re just getting angry at the other guy ! 3 . refocus your spirit.during your sabbath , you do n’t take a day off from god . you worship ! worship puts life into perspective . if you ’re too busy for god , you ’re just too busy . to make this happen , you have to schedule it . psalm 127:2 says , “ it ’s useless to rise early and go to bed late , and work your worried fingers to the bone . do n’t you know he enjoys giving rest to those he loves ? ” ( msg ) god enjoys giving rest to those he loves . be intentional about taking your sabbath , and make it count!dear lord , help me to make every sabbath about you . quiet my heart , give rest to my soul , and refocus my spirit — for true renewal comes only from you . holy spirit please help me to be intentional with my time and worship , and encourage me to find rest in you alone . in jesus ’ name , amen .
1 boho courtesy of tessa neustadt incorporate boho elements with a patterned rug , bright sheets and pillows , and rattan ottomans . it looks so cool that sharing a room seems way less lame .2 patterned courtesy of tessa neustadt guys are n't usually into color , but you can keep things from looking too basic by adding in a patterned headboard , sheets , and pillows . totally sweet , bro .3 eclectic courtesy of tessa neustadt incorporate wallpaper , multicolored bedding , and a colorful rug for an eclectic room that 'll fit literally all of her many personalities .4 modern courtesy of oh.eight.oh.nine a minimalist bedroom that still has plenty of character .5 southwestern courtesy of oh.eight.oh.nine patterned sheets , a leather ottoman , and a rattan rug give this room a cool , southwestern vibe . 6 dark &amp; moody courtesy of lgb interiors set up a sitting area in his room so him and his friends are n't constantly taking over your living room .7 neutral courtesy of hannah blackmore photography 8 hanging beds courtesy of the bumper crop here 's how you fit three boys in a room and have it actually seem fun .9 colorful 10 chic courtesy of meme hill
ingredients 1.8 kg chicken 3 tbsp olive oil 440 ml can of beerfor the rub 1 tbsp muscovado sugar 1 tbsp sweet smoked paprika 1 tsp cayenne pepper 2 tsp english mustard powder 2 tsp thyme 1 ½ tsp celery saltmethod light a lidded barbecue . let the flames die down and the coals turn ashen , then mound the coal up on one side . if using a small barbecue , you will have to remove the grills and place a sturdy roasting tin on the floor of the barbecue , next to the coals – this will give you space to close the lid once the chicken is in . if you have a large barbecue , the chicken can sit directly on the grills ( or on a tray on the grills , so that it does n’t topple over . ) to make the rub , mix all the ingredients together with a good grinding of black pepper . drizzle the chicken with the oil , sprinkle over the rub and massage it into the skin , making sure you get into all the nooks and crannies , even inside the cavity . use a can opener to take off the top of the can of beer . pour out half the beer ( tip into a glass to drink ! ) and leave the rest in the can , as it will keep the chicken moist while it cooks . pop the chicken onto the can , legs down , so that it looks like it is sitting upright with the can in its cavity . stand the chicken and can upright on the barbecue , either in the roasting tin or directly on the grill , on the side with no coals . close the lid and cook for 1 hr 20 mins until the chicken is browned , the meat tender and the juices run clear . if the juices are n’t clear , cook for a further 10 mins , then check again . ( to cook in the oven , heat to 200c/180c fan/gas 6 . sit the chicken on a baking tray , place in the bottom of the oven , and follow the same cooking time . ) remove the chicken from the barbecue , cover lightly with foil and leave to rest for 20 mins before serving .
traveling has never been so accessible , so it ’s unsurprising that more and more people are deciding to spend at least some of their lives exploring as much of the world as they can . today , traveling is n’t just limited to vacations – those who want to make money as they go to keep themselves on the road for as long as possible have several awesome options to choose from . whether you ’d prefer to be your own boss or would rather find secure , paid employment in the destinations that you ’re staying in , here are some great career ideas for anybody who loves to travel . # 1 . healthcare : working in the healthcare industry pretty much guarantees you a job almost anywhere . across the globe , dedicated healthcare professionals are always in high demand , particularly in developing countries , where health resources are often sparse , and healthcare facilities suffer from a dire lack of educated and experienced professionals . you do n’t have to spend years earning a medical or nursing degree , either – kick start your career in healthcare today at one of these reputable maine phlebotomy schools . # 2 . teaching : if you speak english as your native language , then one of the easiest jobs to get as a globetrotter is teaching english as a foreign language . today , english is one of the most widely-spoken languages worldwide , so there ’s high demand for quality english tuition in almost every country that you could visit . as a teacher , you could be based in a school , an english education center , or you could work for yourself and teach your students privately . although it ’s possible to find work with no official qualifications , the ability to speak english fluently is n’t usually enough on its own . you ’ll improve your chances of finding teaching jobs with a globally recognized qualification such as the teaching english as a foreign language ( tefl ) certificate . # 3 . travel blogging : if you love writing and making videos about your travels , you might want to consider making an income as a travel blogger . this is a great choice for anybody who wants the freedom that comes with a ‘ digital nomad ’ lifestyle , since you ’re fully in control of when , where and how you want to work . blogging or vlogging also means that you ’re not tied down to employment in any one place – you can move on as quickly or as slowly as you like . # 4 . freelancing : another work-for-yourself option that you might want to consider is becoming an online freelancer . today , an increasing number of employers favor hiring freelancers over taking on full-time staff , due to a range of benefits including reduced costs and the ability to choose from a larger talent pool . if you have a skill such as writing , graphic design , web design , social media management , or customer service , you can put any of these to use online , working with various clients on a pay-per-project basis . this means you can enjoy the freedom of self-employment whilst still getting regular work and income . do n’t let work hold you back from traveling the world – take it with you !
ingredients 80g chorizo 2-3 garlic cloves olive oil for frying ½ -1 tsp hot smoked paprika ( see tip ) 2 large roasted red peppers from a jar 100g tenderstem broccoli 250g basmati and wild rice 500 ml fresh chicken stock good sprinkle frozen peas ( about 30g ) 250g sustainably sourced king prawnsmethod step 1skin and chop the chorizo into small cubes , then fry in a large dry frying pan for 5 minutes . finely chop the garlic and add to the pan with a glug of olive oil and the paprika . fry for 1 minute . step 2chop the peppers and tenderstem , add to the pan and fry for 5 minutes , stirring occasionally . add the rice and stir to coat . add the stock , stir , then cover with a lid and cook over a low-medium heat . step 3after 10 minutes , take off the lid and bubble to reduce nearly all the stock . when the rice is almost ready , stir in the peas and king prawns . step 4pop the lid on again for 2 minutes or so to ensure the prawns are cooked through . when they ’re just pink and opaque , give the pan a stir , then taste , season and serve .
the month of may brings xp boosts for every for honor player i said i would do it , and here i am to bring you news of another free weekend trial . this time around , ubisoft announced a free-to-play weekend event for for honor , their acclaimed pvp combat experience . this promotional weekend will grant players access to over a year ’s worth of updates . in what is , undoubtedly , a renewed effort to show the world how far their game has come , ubisoft will grant new players free access to five seasons worth of for honor . while this does not include new character classes ( as far as i know ) , this does include add-on maps and gameplay modes , not to mention for honor ‘ s campaign that can be played solo or cooperatively online . for honor ’s free-to-play promotional event kicks off next month , and it arrives alongside the re-introduction of the warrior training program . what does this entail ? it means veterans who accompany newcomers in pvp will be rewarded with two weeks of revamped champion status – a neat way of motivating cooperation between the hardcore vet and the so-called noob . additional rewards come in the form of loot and xp for both parties . ubisoft ’s free-to-play weekend kicks off on may 3rd , and it shall kick off with a special twitch livestream at 9 a.m. pt / 6 p.m. et . tune in and view for an entire hour for 3 guaranteed scavenger crates . additionally , every ten minutes viewing the stream enters you for a chance to win 100,000 steel . more info can be found here . the weekend will then end on may 6th . however , before may 15th , any newcomers who decide to purchase the game shall benefit from a 75 % discount across digital storefronts . a purchase lets players keep all their progress from the free-to-play weekend . source : press release the post ubisoft aims to prove how far ‘ for honor ’ has come with a free trial appeared first on cogconnected .
monotonous and bright hairstyles.hit no. 1 in 2018 - a cutting of the garls in a bright monotonous color : fuchsia , carrot , turquoise . tinted blond hair with melting of pastel tones is allowed . female haircut ganson - a harmonious combination of strength and courage with a touch of french charm and excitement . suitable for women under 25 years of age.many people think that with short hair it is unlikely to make a smart hairstyle , and will be wrong . thanks to our post with practical advice , recommendations and photos of fashionable short haircuts and their styling , you can not only look amazing and different in every day , but also get the chance to turn into a hollywood diva.short hair is stylish.with the help of new haircuts for short hair in 2018 you can change yourself beyond recognition . the main thing is to choose the right stile and form a new image.many single-minded women prefer short hair to short hair for a boy . and this has its advantages : firstly , such a hairstyle will never bring problems , catching on foreign objects ; secondly , the hair is not confused ; thirdly , they are easy and easy to comb at any time and in any place , and female fingers can easily serve as a comb ; fourthly , a short hairstyle rejuvenates a woman for a couple of years , hiding some shortcomings and emphasizing virtues .
last night , madame tussaud 's in new york city unveiled first lady melania trump 's wax figure in honor of her 48th birthday . it 's one of those things that you just have to see , because honestly , it 's ... something . the reactions to it were definitely mixed . some people said it looked nothing like melania while others called it a dead ringer . others said it looked more like sarah jessica parker , or even weirder , ivanka trump . this may have been the best joke of them all though : even wax melania keeps a safe distance from trump . pic.twitter.com/s18kjusjfp— portmanteau jones ( @sadlycatless ) april 26 , 2018 the best part of this melania figure is that it 's going to be able to speak , which is new for madame tussaud 's . visitors can tweet with the hashtag #mtmelaniamoments for a chance to have their tweet read aloud by the fake first lady . it 's been aptly named the " give melania a voice " feature . some suggestions in the comments on this instagram were " help " and " save me , " and " get me out of here . " you only have until the end of may to tweet something , so act now while you still can . sean spicer , the former press secretary , was there to unveil the figure himself . “ we ’re opening this thing as a tribute to the first lady and the first lady ’s done such a fantastic job of showcasing our country , " spicer told fox business while he was there . “ and i thought , what a fine tribute to such a great woman who is doing such phenomenal work on behalf of our country . "
unless you 're involuntarily locked in the cellar of some berkeley farm cooperative , being a trump supporter does not make you an oppressed minority in america . at least according to one judge . tell that to philadelphia accountant greg piatek , who sued the happiest hour bar in new york city after the bar allegedly kicked him out for wearing the infamous red make america great again hat . piatek claimed that maga was his religion , and that he was a victim of religious discrimination when the bar kicked him out for expressing his spiritual beliefs . on wednesday , manhattan supreme court justice david cohen ruled that the bar 's ejection was legal , as maga is technically not a religion . “ anyone who supports trump — or believes in what you believe — is not welcome here , " piatek claims the bartender at the happiest hour told him . " and you need to leave right now because we wo n’t serve you ' ” piatek alleges that the bartender ejected him only after he and his friends complained about poor service . state discrimination laws do not protect americans from political discrimination . discrimination laws do , however , protect customers from religious discrimination . “ he was paying spiritual tribute to the victims of 9/11 . the make american great again hat was part of his spiritual belief , " piatek 's lawyer , paul liggieri , told judge cohen . “ how many members are in this spiritual program that your client is engaged in ? ” judge david cohen asked . “ your honor , we do n’t allege the amount of individuals , ” liggieri said . “ so , it ’s a creed of one ? ” “ yes , your honor , ” liggieri said . piatek 's suit for emotional damages was denied when the judge ruled that the bar 's behavior did n't represent " outrageous conduct " and that the “ plaintiff does not state any faith-based principle to which the hat relates . ” the judge said that the ' church of maga ' needed more than one member to qualify as a religion . apparently judge david cohen does n't have any respect for my uncle 's religion , " temple of the bucket hat . " shame on him .
colin jost and michael che , “ weekend update ” anchors and emmy ( r ) award-nominated co-head writers of nbc ’s iconic and emmy award-winning late night franchise “ saturday night live , ” have been named co-hosts of the 70th primetime emmy awards . the telecast will be executive produced by “ snl ” creator and executive producer lorne michaels . the emmys will air live coast to coast from the microsoft theater at l.a. live in downtown los angeles on monday , sept. 17 from 8-11 p.m. et ( 5-8 p.m. pt ) on nbc . “ nbc is thrilled to be the home of this year ’s emmy awards and with colin and michael in the driver ’s seat as hosts , along with surprise appearances by other cast members of ‘ saturday night live , ’ i think we are in for one of the funniest awards shows in a long time , ” said robert greenblatt , chairman , nbc entertainment . added paul telegdy , president , alternative and reality group , nbc entertainment : “ we ’re proud of our deep comedy roster at nbc , and michael and colin – along with the return of king of comedy producer lorne michaels – will make this the must-see comedy event of the year . ” “ we are elated that colin jost and michael che will bring their hilarious collective talents to hosting this year ’s emmy awards , ” said hayma washington , television academy chairman and ceo . “ they have an amazing onscreen rapport and we are delighted to begin working with them along with the entire nbc team . ” “ we ’re proud to be the first duo hosting the emmys since jenna elfman and david hyde pierce , and somehow that ’s a real fact , ” said jost and che . jost and che are emmy-nominated co-head writers on “ snl ” who began their tenure on “ weekend update ” in 2014 . a four-time wga award winner and recipient of a peabody award , jost started at “ snl ” as a writer in 2005 . che , who was previously named on variety ’s 10 comics to watch list and rolling stone ’s 50 funniest people , joined “ snl ” in 2013 . each was named as a co-head writer on “ snl ” in 2017 . so far this season , “ saturday night live ” is averaging a 2.82 rating in adults 18-49 and 9.405 million viewers in “ live plus seven day ” figures from nielsen media research . this is the show ’s # 2 most-watched season at this point in 23 years . with the inclusion of projected 35-day non-linear ratings , “ snl ” this season is averaging a 3.78 rating in 18-49 . nominations for the 70th primetime emmy awards will be announced thursday , july 12 from the television academy ’s wolf theatre at the saban media center . related topics : emmy awards , snl
the duggar family just keeps growing . joy-anna and her husband austin forsyth welcomed their son gideon martyn forsyth to the family about two months ago on february 23 . in a tlc clip , the couple excitedly introduced their baby to the world and explained why they chose the name gideon martyn . and gideon is already growing up fast . a lot of fans are convinced that gideon looks just like his dad austin . " looks like his daddy ! " wrote one commenter on instagram . " my god that boy is the image of his father ! " wrote another . " he 's so cute !!! looks so much like austin !! " another user wrote . gideon is joy-anna and austin 's first child . " being first-time parents is indescribable , " joy-anna said in the clip above . " i think everyone who has a baby goes through this feeling of being so proud and so thankful to have a little one . " " it 's very humbling , having a life depending on you , " austin added . the couple has been married since may 26 , 2017 . gideon will have lots of cousins to play with as he grows up . there are 10 duggar grandchildren so far , and we 'd guess there will be at least a few more in the upcoming years . he might also find himself becoming a big brother at some point . in an interview after the 2017 wedding , joy-anna told people , " we want as many ( kids ) as the lord thinks we can handle . and we are putting it into his hands . " congrats to the happy family !
at the end of 2016 it became known that the talented developer of microprocessor architectures of apple and amd jim keller became vice-president of tesla and started improving the hardware of the autopilot system in electric vehicles of the company . but his career in tesla was short . now it became known that jim keller left tesla , and his new place of work be intel.about the reasons for keller 's departure from tesla is unknown . the carmaker did not make any official statements . it is known that keller left the company a month after the deadly accident involving a car model x , and his place was taken by a former apple engineer pete bannon , who moved to tesla in 2016 . but in this case , not so interesting is the fact of keller 's departure , which previously headed the development of amd zen architecture , from tesla , but the fact that his new place of work be intel . especially considering that recently intel hired several leading experts , who previously worked in amd . recall , at the end of last year , amd left its chief specialist for graphics solutions raja koduri , who led the new graphic division of intel . in addition , it is assumed that chris hook , who recently left amd after 20 years of work , also went to intel.according to thematic sources , all these personnel migrations clearly indicate that intel is preparing " something grandiose . " it is possible that koduri is assembling a team to develop a radically new x86-compatible processor architecture from a clean slate . the last such architecture was nehalem , presented ten years ago .
augustine fou , ad fraud researcher and consultant , joined digiday + members for a slack town hall on april 26 to talk about the state of online ad fraud . the full conversation is available exclusively to digiday + members , but lightly edited excerpts appear below . click here to join digiday + . here are fou ’s views on : buying ads through exchanges and intermediaries “ marketers should get as close to the inventory sources as possible . … as long as marketers continue to look to buy ‘ scale , ’ they will be ripped off by ad fraud because there is no scale to real humans visiting sites — that is a finite and scarce commodity ( which should cost more ) . the only way to achieve ‘ scale ’ and more impressions is by manufacturing it . ” ad fraud detection vendors “ vendors are cashing in on the fraud problem , and the companies paying for it are not getting what they thought they were buying ( protection against fraud ) . the bad guys and the tech they use are far superior to fraud and bot detection companies ’ tech , so most fraud gets marked as clean , and the client ( marketer ) continues to get ripped off , thinking they are fine . bad guys simply get a subscription to the fraud detection vendors and a/b test their bots and fraud methods to ensure they get marked as clean ( or they get a friend to get a subscription ) . … [ companies ] are paying for fraud detection services that do n’t work , and they are still getting ripped off . ” premium publishers benefiting from ad fraud “ for good publishers who can survive until then , there is a lot more money coming back their way when marketers wake up and realize all of this digital programmatic stuff was a complete scam , and there are n’t 100 billion unique users going on the internet and generating the 70 trillion ad impressions every year that they are buying . the amount of real ad impressions shown to real humans on real publisher sites that have real content is extremely small — like less than 1 percent of what is out there now . ”
our column " the best room at " offers a glimpse inside some of the most charming , luxurious , and iconic properties around the world.if you 've ever wondered where royals , athletes , presidents , and rockstars stay when they find themselves in dublin , the answer is straffan house . at $ 25,000-per-night , the private mansion — which is located on the grounds of the k club , one of the country 's top hotels — offers both discretion and luxurious amenities . there 's a private indoor pool , for instance , as well as 10 bedrooms , 10 bathrooms , an 18-seat cinema , a chef , a butler , and an expansive living room bedecked with rare art . ( it should come as no surprise that the estate is owned by dr. michael smurfit , an irish business titan who is one of the country 's richest men . ) courtesy the enclave has hosted a laundry list of bold-faced names , including the prince of monaco , justin bieber , and a handful of u.s. presidents — but what makes it truly special is the irish hospitality you 'll find upon checking in . below , the property 's chief executive and general manager michael davern tells us a bit about the famed estate — and which room he likes best . describe the hotel in a sentence.straffan house is the most luxurious private villa in the british isles which provides a genuine warmth of irish hospitality.which room is the best?the master suite.why?the master suite is an equestrian themed room which offers wonderful views of the resort grounds and a fabulous view of the dublin mountains to the east of the house . this room offers a luxurious ensuite bathroom which features hand stenciled wallpaper , his &amp; hers sinks , a deep welcoming bath and separate walk-in shower . there is also an adjoining dressing room which is often used as a family room by our guests . courtesy what ’s the average nightly rate ? $ 25,000 per night for entire residence.who is your typical guest ? everybody from prince of pop to prince of royalty , but straffan house is most utilized by multigenerational families.are you able to mention any celebrities the hotel has hosted?it was reported that justin bieber and the prince of monaco have stayed in straffan house in recent years.straffan house ’s indoor pool . courtesy what ’s one local recommendation you always give first-time visitors?we always recommend our guests take a trip to arthur guinness ’ grave in ardclough . it is only a short drive from the hotel , however it 's best reached by bicycle . once there you can view 7 different counties of ireland from on top of the tower located at the cemetery . arthur ’s grave is one of many things to see and do as part of ireland ’s ancient east . can you share an interesting tidbit about straffan house ’s history?while straffan house was built as a modern house in 2005 , it takes its architectural inspiration from the original straffan house which is now the k club hotel.courtesy
ingredients 4 sustainable salmon fillets 2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil zest of 1 lemon 1 tsp lightly crushed fennel seeds 1 large fennel bulb juice of 1 lemon 100g rocket small bunch of fresh dill small bunch of fresh flatleaf parsley extra-virgin olive oilmethod step 1put the salmon fillets in a shallow glass or ceramic dish . drizzle over the olive oil and sprinkle with the lemon zest and fennel seeds . turn the fillets to coat in the marinade , then leave for 10 minutes . finely slice the fennel bulb into a bowl ( a mandoline is good for this ) , then add the lemon juice and a large pinch of sea salt . toss to combine , then leave to pickle . step 2after 10 minutes , heat a non-stick frying pan over a medium-high heat and fry the salmon for 2-3 minutes on each side or until cooked to your liking . step 3to serve , toss the lightly pickled fennel with the rocket , dill and parsley , and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil . serve with the salmon and lemon wedges , if you like .
it ’s been widely speculated that baker mayfield and the new york jets were the perfect cinderella pairing . but it looks like the clock just struck midnight . ‘ broadway ’ baker mayfield just has a nice ring to it . it also seems like the new york jets have agreed with that sentiment over the last several weeks.the team has openly and privately gushed about his swagger , his accuracy and his ability to galvanize a team . those are obviously all wonderful traits the jets have n’t possessed at quarterback since the last time they picked this high and selected a quarterback . that , of course , was the other “ broadway , ” joe namath.sadly , the open love fest may be short-lived because another team is now suddenly in the mix and they control the 2018 nfl draft with the no. 1 pick . from everything that i ’ve heard , this is completely and utterly shocking . that ’s not because i think mayfield is n’t worthy of the no. 1 pick — quite the opposite . mayfield is the most accurate quarterback in this draft and i believe he ’ll be a superstar at the next level , despite his stature.the reason why this would be one of the biggest shockers in nfl draft history is based on new cleveland browns general manager john dorsey ’s draft history . he likes guys who look good in a pair of shorts ( patrick mahomes , brett favre ) and checks off the boxes for the prototypical nfl quarterback . mayfield does n’t do that.but if dorsey goes against his nfl draft history , that means jets fans will have to retire their “ broadway ” baker mayfield shirts before they could even get a chance to break them in.either way , with the no. 3 pick in the draft , the jets are guaranteed at worst to get the third best quarterback . let me use a heavily used phrase in the city of brotherly love , “ trust the process . ” we have to believe mike maccagnan and the jets knew that they could get scooped by only trading up to the three hole , instead of going to no. 2 or heck even no. 1 . this team has a few guys in mind and they ’re ready to select the franchise quarterback of the future , although it may not be baker mayfield . oklahoma quarterback baker mayfield has scheduled a visit and a workout with the new york jets and others … the new york jets had a close eye on baker mayfield during the senior bowl practices . plus the … the list of prospects the new york jets are meeting with at the 2018 nfl scouting combine is …
plenty of new power plants are constructed every year in the united states , adding gigawatts of power generation to grids across the country , but the past few months have illustrated a dramatic shift in the type of power plant being built . a new report from the federal energy regulatory commission finds that of all new electricity generation built in the first two months of 2018 , a full 98 percent is renewable.according to the ferc ’s energy infrastructure update for february , the united states added a total of 2,173 megawatts of electricity generation in january and february combined . of that , 1,568 megawatts come from new wind farms and 565 megawatts come from new solar installations . only 40 megawatts come from new natural gas plants , and none come from coal.this is a good sign for the environment , and it suggests that the u.s. is finally beginning to move away from fossil fuels . the numbers are likely to shift as time goes on , however . the ferc report also estimates that 69 percent of new energy generation added over the next three years will be from renewable sources.on the other side , coal power has a rough road ahead , as the ferc report predicts that 15,000 megawatts worth of coal plants will close between now and 2021 . by then , new wind power additions will add nearly as much power as new natural gas plants , and it ’s likely within a few years nearly all new power will come from renewable sources .
prince harry and meghan markle 's may 19 wedding is fast approaching , and speculation regarding the couple 's lives is only growing in intensity . one such detail intriguing fans is where the newlyweds will live after their wedding . here 's everything we know about nottingham cottage , where prince harry and meghan markle will settle for their happily ever after.nottingham cottage is the smallest property at kensington palace.according to the express , clarence house has already confirmed that the couple will reside in nottingham cottage , the " smallest abode on the estate , " according to the the mirror . despite its size , the property still " boasts reception rooms designed by sir christopher wren " and has " a small garden , where harry slung up a hammock when he first moved into the property . " prince harry and meghan markle already live there.the two-bedroom property on the kensington palace estate is already prince harry 's home — he 's lived there since 2013 . according to the express , markle officially moved into the residence when their engagement was announced back in november 2017 . nottingham cottage has a rich history.according to the week , sir robert fellowes , the queen 's former secretary , and his wife , lady jane fellowes ( who is also princess diana 's sister ) used to live there.prince william and the duchess of cambridge also previously lived in the apartment before upgrading to apartment 1a , a 20-room residence inside the palace.prince william , kate middleton , and prince harry entertain barack and michelle obama in the drawing room of apartment 1a at kensington palace . it was originally accommodation for staff on the kensington palace estate.a former police protection officer told people magazine the residence is " a lovely , classic victorian cottage ... they are well restored , typical country cottages and originally used for the estate workers . in the past 40 years or so they ’ve been accommodation for senior members of the household . " the residence comes with a lot of amenities.the mirror claims that " meghan can expect to be waited on hand and foot with valets , dressers , hairdressers , chefs and butlers at the ready . " prince harry and his new wife might move on soon though.both markle and the prince have spoken about their desire to have children together , and they 'll likely need a much bigger living space if they expand their family soon . the sun is reporting that prince harry has already scouted out a bigger residence for them , " possibly eyeing up the 21-room apartment " next to prince william 's . they might take on a second residence.while nottingham cottage will be their home , it 's thought that the couple will also have a country estate.the week is reporting that " when prince william married kate middleton they were given anmer hall , a 10-bedroom grade ii-listed mansion on the sandringham estate by the queen , and it is believed a similar offer will be made to prince harry and his wife . " while there are several contenders for the couple 's second property , it was rumored back in january that prince harry was looking at beaconsfield farm , described as " a run-down roman villa set in the idyllic cotswolds , " according to bazaar uk . it 's apparently close to soho farmhouse , rumored to be the site of meghan markle 's spa-themed bridal party back in march .
amazon is giving alexa the ability to remember past things you ’ve discussed . specifically , alexa in the us will have memory for remembering important information . how does it work ? you can say something like : you can expect a lot more to come . amazon says this is why it matters : voice assistants have been getting smarter , but for all their cloud-powered brians , memory has never been their best asset . generally speaking , when you interact with alexa ( or google and siri ) they do n’t remember much about you other than your name and basic details you ’ve provided . adding some degree of memory to alexa could make conversations more human . on the other hand , it could raise concerns about how much information amazon has on you if it begins storing details more personal than your next dentist appointment . go deeper : there ’s a lot more coming to alexa this year . the voice assistant will be able to listen to followup commands without forcing you to repeat ‘ alexa , ’ for instance . you can read more at the official alexa blog by clicking on the source link below .
if you are like me , you spent a good deal of your day with your computer on , gmail ( or whatever email service you use ) running in the background , several browser screens going throughout the day , as well as a few other programs thrown in for good measure . to top it off your phone is placed right next to your laptop.yet , even with all this “ work ” open , i can waste a day with the best of them . oh , i almost forgot to mention that i will also have music playing and/or the tv on as well.i am thoroughly immersed in noise and distraction . and most of this noise is negative and overblown . do n’t believe me , watch your local news and tell me what you see.with a new year right around the corner , what if you went on an information fast ? try unplugging from most of the “ noise ” sources and spend more time with family , friends , or outside . what i am proposing is an information diet.this starts with employing some selective ignorance.when you take more charge of your personal life and your family life , you do n’t need to know as much about what others are doing . you can become more concerned about what you are doing . this produces action.many times my wife and i have had the discussion about not enjoying a particular season or phase of life . what breaks us free from this gloominess is action . creating an intentional life and relationship requires massive action.if you are interested in producing more action as you design your relationship and unplug from the cyber-connected information world , here are a few suggestions : take an inventory of the information and noise sources you consume each day . rate them each as necessary , irrelevant to your goals , negative , or beyond your concern . be honest . i will bet that much of the information you consume is in the latter three categories.the next step is to unplug from all but the necessary . focus on consuming only the information important for you and your family ’s goals each day.then pull the plug on these sources everyday at a set time , say 7 pm , in order to spend time with your spouse and family . this includes business and personal emails , phone calls , time wasting tv shows , etc. let voicemail do its job . save your correspondence until the next day , then take a focused hour and get it all done.with the time you will free up by unplugging , do something together . go to bed early , talk , play legos with your kids . trust me , the information you may miss when you unplug is n’t that important anyway . if there is something that is truly an emergency , you ’ll hear about it . but the time you spend with your family and marriage is worth it . it will produce more action , which will generate more energy , which will allow more freedom to design the relationship and family you desire.when it comes to information , less truly is more . this year , my challenge to you is to focus on what matters .
how much do you love your smartphone ? probably not as much as the california man who married his phone in a las vegas wedding chapel during the summer of 2016 ! ok , so the ceremony in vegas may have been ridiculous , but this man made his point about how connected people are to their phones . as crazy as it sounds to wed your phone , there ’s no denying the degree to which smartphones have infiltrated our daily lives . some studies show that americans check their phones every six and a half minutes during waking hours , or roughly 150 times each day.sadly , the smartphone is a jealous lover — demanding attention all day through calls , texts , facebook , pinterest , news feeds , sports scores , video streaming , music and endless apps ( over 2 million available as of june 2016 ) . we sleep with our phones on the nightstand , cradle them as we walk , pocket them as we travel , set them on the counter to help us make dinner and rest them comfortably on the table as we eat . they have become our constant digital companion.not all of this is bad for a marriage . smartphones can help couples stay connected throughout the day via romantic texts , playful social media posts and random video chats . frequent texting and quick phone calls help couples stay current on the day ’s events . regular communication with a spouse through calling and texting may even make couples happier and more secure in their relationship.still , for all the benefits smartphones provide , it would seem they have become an increasing source of frustration and conflict in marriage . the smartphone has become a “ third wheel ” in many marriages , causing husbands and wives to feel they are competing with their spouse ’s phone for time and attention .
new york giants quarterback eli manning woke up on nfl draft day with a nice little trashing on the part of dallas cowboys defensive end demarcus lawrence.he said what ?! that ’s right . dallas cowboys defensive end demarcus lawrence said it . he said the thing so many educated new york giants fans are saying right now as it pertains to the 2018 nfl draft … please do n’t draft a quarterback . through his official twitter account , the cowboys edge man posted photos of him wrecking eli manning ( after breaking through a charmin soft offensive line ) with a caption that has him wishing the giants stick with the veteran at qb for many years.as previously mentioned , “ educated ” jints fans are also wishing the lawrence wish due to the wisdom they ’ve gathered through the years . they understand just how damn good mr. manning is at the position and at age 37 , has plenty of football left in him . ( and oh yeah , they also understand just how ridiculous saquon barkley is . ) lawrence is feeling his oats right now . twenty-seventeen was a breakout season for the cowboys edge has he compiled 14.5 sacks to go along with a well-deserved pro bowl nod . but he absolutely needs to be careful what he wishes for . it may actually come true ( with a certain penn state stud tweeting photos of a stiff truck stick plowing through no. 90 with that familiar star on the helmet ) . without doing a thing , eli manning just picked up a cool $ 5 million from the new york giants … on the boomer and carton show , governor chris christie decides to call new york giants qb eli manning … the best scouting report on eli apple , the new york giants number one pick in the 2016 nfl …
on thursday , waveguide maker waveoptics announced that semiconductor and microelectromechanical systems supplier ev group ( evg ) will provide the manufacturing infrastructure for the production of its waveguide displays designed to support lower-cost , third-party augmented reality wearables.one of the key components of smartglasses and ar headsets that facilitates their augmented reality functionality is the waveguide . the waveguide transfers ( or guides ) light from the light source , such as a micro projector , toward the user 's eyes , allowing users to see digital content in their natural field of view . waveoptics ' boasts the ability to deliver 40 degrees field of view and a large eyebox ( or viewing window ) . the company also claims its technology offers crisp text and stable imagery.the partnership with evg will enable waveoptics increase production capacity and lower the overall cost of the waveguide component to the point that electronics manufacturers could be able to offer ar devices for less than $ 600 by the end of 2019 . " this partnership marks an ar industry inflection point and is a critical step in the mass manufacture of high-quality ar solutions — a capability that has not been possible to date , " said david hayes , ceo at waveoptics , in a statement . " this collaboration is key to unlocking the development of ar wearables . together we are well positioned to bring mass market innovation in ar , opening new paths to scalability at a lower cost than ever before . " what makes waveoptics ' waveguide unique is its design , which offers a more economical form factor in terms of construction and energy consumption . ev group will supply the equipment and production processes for wafer bonding , the process of joining glass and silicon , and nanoimprint lithography ( nil ) , the process for stamping the nanostructures during the production of the waveguides . " for the proliferation of our leading-edge nil technology , we have created our nilphotonics competence center , " said markus wimplinger , corporate technology development and ip director at evg . " within this framework , which has strong policies to protect our customers ' ip , we support our customers on their product development and commercialization journey from the feasibility to the production phase . this is exactly what we are doing today with waveoptics , an established leader in ar , to provide a truly scalable solution to end customers . " a number of issues , including price , design , component size ( such as battery and cpu ) , processing power , and image quality , have delayed the emergence of an ar wearable that would suit the mainstream consumer market . but if waveoptics can deliver on a waveguide that produces quality ar images at a low price , which can work within a small form factor device , then we may not have to wait too much longer for that consumer ar unicorn .
amazon prime , the online shopping site 's membership program , is going up in price . in its quarterly earnings call thursday , amazon announced it was increasing the annual price from $ 99 per year to $ 119 starting may 11 for new members . the renewal rate will also jump $ 20 bucks starting june 16 . amazon cfo brian olsavsky said the company had n't increased the price of membership since march 2014 ( it jumped from $ 79 to $ 99 then ) , and in the time since " we continue to increase the value of prime . " membership offers , among many digital and video services , free two-day shipping . the quick shipping is available for 100 million items . some simple math : amazon prime has more than 100 million members , as ceo jeff bezos revealed in his annual shareholder letter . if each of those accounts go up $ 20 bucks that 's an additional $ 2 trillion a year . with the added annual cost people started reflecting on the quality of the service and if it 's worth paying for . for monthly members the price already went up in january , so the shock of shelling out more money to the giant company has already worn off for some . an amazon spokesperson said annual members should look out for an email abut the price increase in may .
“ your six ” – when danny resorts to asking his incarcerated archenemy , victor lugo ( nick cordero ) , for help locating a dangerous criminal who escaped from prison , lugo refuses to assist unless he ’s allowed to accompany them on the pursuit . also , frank subtly tries to convince jamie to take the sergeant ’s test , and erin ’s plan to go on a date with her ex-husband causes friction between her and anthony , on blue bloods , friday , april 27 ( 10:00-11:00 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . blue bloods season 8 episode 20 photos your six . blue bloods is a drama about a multi-generational family of cops dedicated to new york city law enforcement . frank reagan is the new york police commissioner , and heads both the police force and the reagan brood . he runs his department as diplomatically as he runs his family , even when dealing with the politics that plagued his unapologetically bold father , henry , during his stint as chief . a source of pride and concern for frank is his eldest son , danny , a seasoned detective , family man and iraq war vet who on occasion uses dubious tactics to solve cases with his partner , detective maria baez . the reagan women in the family include erin , a new york assistant d.a. who also serves as the legal compass for her siblings and father , as well as a single parent to her teenage daughter , nicky . jamie is the youngest reagan , a harvard law graduate and the family ’s “ golden boy . ” unable to deny the family tradition , jamie decided to give up a lucrative future in law and follow in the family footsteps as a cop . he ’s found a friend and ally in eddie , his young and eager female partner , who keeps him on his toes , but has very different reasons than the reagans for joining the police force . instagram : @bluebloods_cbs regular cast : tom selleck ( frank reagan ) donnie wahlberg ( danny reagan ) bridget moynahan ( erin reagan ) will estes ( jamie reagan ) len cariou ( henry reagan ) marisa ramirez ( det. maria baez ) sami gayle ( nicky reagan-boyle ) vanessa ray ( officer eddie janko ) recurring cast : tony terraciano ( jack reagan ) andrew terraciano ( sean reagan ) abigail hawk ( abigail baker ) gregory jbara ( garrett moore ) robert clohessy ( lt. gormley ) steven schirripa ( anthony abetamarco ) peter hermann ( jack boyle ) guest cast : nick cordero ( victor lugo ) gary lee mahmoud ( herbert talbott ) stephanie andujar ( molly chavez ) anthony fazio ( willie ) rock kohli ( krishna chopra ) anthony mazza ( esu captain ) nasreen rahman ( mother ) written by : brian burns directed by : ralph hemecker blue bloods season 8 episode 20 photos your six “ your six ” — when danny resorts to asking his incarcerated archenemy , victor lugo ( nick cordero ) , for help locating a dangerous criminal who escaped from prison , lugo refuses to assist unless he ’s allowed to accompany them on the pursuit . also , frank subtly tries to convince jamie to take the sergeant ’s test , and erin ’s plan to go on a date with her ex-husband causes friction between her and anthony , on blue bloods , friday , april 27 ( 10:00-11:00 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . pictured : peter hermann photo : john paul filo/cbs ã  â © 2018cbs broadcasting inc. all rights reserved .
if we want our “ armor ” to protect us , we can not forget a single piece . we need to wear it all the time and keep it in good condition . our fight will continue until satan ’s world is destroyed and satan and his demons are removed from the earth . 1 corinthians 9 : 26-27 . therefore i do not run like a man running aimlessly ; i do not fight like a man beating the air .27 . no , i beat my body and make it my slave so that after i have preached to others , i myself will not be disqualified for the prize.we must wear the “ suit of armor ” that god has given us.ephesians 6 : 13-18 . therefore put on the full armor of god , so that when the day of evil comes , you may be able to stand your ground , and after you have done everything , to stand .14 . stand firm then , with the belt of truth buckled around your waist , with the breastplate of righteousness in place ,15 . and with your feet fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace .16 . in addition to all this , take up the shield of faith , with which you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one .17 . take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit , which is the word of god .18 . and pray in the spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests . with this in mind , be alert and always keep on praying for all the saints.verelife.com
do you ever heard of reflexology?it is a millennia-old chinese practice which not long time ago became popular in the western world . this treatment is used for many conditions and diseases , but also it has been used to calm down crying babies.babies ca n’t tell you what is wrong and which is the reason for their crying , but reflexology can help you to find out what is the problem , thus helping you to solve it faster.reflexology foot guide for babiesit is considered that babies are more responsive to the practice in comparison with adults , because babies are more receptive to touch . usually , when the babies are upset , we use to hold them or rub their back , which makes reflexology an ideal technique for them.this technique works by applying pressure on specific points on the body , and treating numerous problems linked to different parts of the body . the above guide shows these body parts and their relation to the areas of the babies ’ feet.head \ \ teethyou need to work on the tips of the toes in order to treat problems related to the head and teeth . this will reduce the pain which is caused by teething or ear infections.sinusesthe center of the toes is the area on the feet that affects sinuses . massaging these areas can relieve the sinus problems as a runny nose . even though it will not entirely cure the colds , it will reduce the symptoms and you baby will be calmed down.chestthe top of the foot above the arch is connected to the chest area . applying pressure on this area will relieve chest congestion . moreover , it is extremely effective for treating colds or chronic coughs that cause phlegm buildup . many studies claim that reflexology can reduce all forms of congestion.upper and lower abdomenupper abdomen is connected to the arch of the foot . applying pressure on this area will help with digestive issues as bowel obstruction or heartburn.the lower half of the arch is connected with the lower abdomen . massage this point in order to treat post-digestive problems as bloating and constipation.solar plexussolar plexus is a collection of nerves between the lungs and stomach . it is difficult to determine the cause of pain in this area because of the different nerve endings , but it is recommended to massage the upper area of the foot arch.pelvisthe heel of the baby ’s foot is connected to pelvic pain . massaging this area will help you to relieve postural problems and muscle tightness.it is very important to know that reflexology can help you only with certain types of pain . do not consider this technique as a remedy . if your baby is suffering from a serious condition , you should never replace medical care . this technique will relax the baby and relieve the pain temporarily .
north korean leader kim jong un is meeting friday with south korean president moon jae-in to talk about peace between the two countries . it is the third time the two leaders have ever met.the two leaders are meeting in the demilitarized zone , the border that has separated the rival koreas since 1953 . this summit is ahead of an unprecedented meeting between president trump and kim jong un scheduled in a few months . kim has said he would suspend testing of nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles.on monday , south korea stopped broadcasting k-pop music and propaganda messages they had been blasting from the dmz toward the north for years.the korean war that ended in 1953 started with a north korean invasion of south korea . the north has a huge army , one of the biggest in the world , with more than a million men on the border . unless that ’s addressed , the risk of a north korean invasion would remain . watch usa today 's live coverage of the summit between president moon jae-in and kim jong un starting thursday at 7:00 pm et as the two head to the dmz for the start of their historic meeting .
night leg cramps , also known as nocturnal leg cramps , are painful muscle contractions or spasms which usually occur during the night.generally , it appears in the lower leg but it can also appear in the feet and thighs.the pain is sharp and severe and it can wake you up in the middle of the night . it usually lasts for a few seconds but sometimes even for several minutes.the muscle soreness is felt even after the pain is gone , and it can last the following night and the following day.men and women can suffer from leg cramps and they usually appear over the age of 50 . leg cramps vs. restless leg syndromealthough both syndromes appear while people sleep , they are actually very different.restless legs syndrome is in fact a neurological disorders which is characterized by an uncontrollable and overwhelming urge to move your legs.when you move your legs during the rls , it gives a sense of relief , which is not the case with nocturnal leg cramps.the following are the reasons of appearance of leg cramps : some medications pregnancy standing on concrete floors alcoholism sitting for a longer period of time certain exercises improper sitting posturethe following are some advice that we will provide you with that will be very helpful in the fight against leg cramps : take a warm bath before going to sleep perform some exercises in the water in order to build your leg muscles stretch your legs before going to sleep take more magnesium and potassium take horse chestnut to improve circulation in the legs wear ergonomic shoes place a heating pad to the area where the cramp or pain is feltin order to cure those muscle spasm during the night you may find these helpful : put your both legs in front you while you are sitting on the floor . then bend your feet and point your toes toward your knees – you may need to pull on your feet to stretch out better . get up slowly and turn around a bit – shaking your legs can likewise improve blood flow . carefully rub the region with circular movements . consume a tablespoon of yellow mustard to relieve discomfort .
personal space is something that 's very important to many people , and they become upset when people invade it . but when an adorable animals encroaches your personal space it 's not only alright , but it 's welcome . the animals in the pictures below are not only cute , but they love people - almost too much . a few humans in the images below have trouble dealing , and look extremely overwhelmed , while the animals are just happy to get close . scroll through to see 14 amazing animals who are almost too much for people to handle . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one is your favorite . 1 . human bird feeder 2 . " finally , a chair i can sit down and relax on " 3 . he 's feeding them almost like a mother 4 . two dudes on the prowl 5 . " mind if i drive for a bit ? " 6 . he 's very protective of his babies 7 . they 're like family 8 . family gathering 9 . window shopping 10 . holding on tight 11 . " thank you for everything you do " 12 . a dolphin smooch 13 . snuggled up for nap time14 . when you bite off more than you can chewwhich of these pictures did you like the most ?
the fashion world is growing so rapidly in this century . various fashion trends alternate filling daily life . fashion that continues to spin and not infrequently new breakthroughs present in today 's fashion innovation . thanks to that innovation , the fashion world becomes more colorful.unusually , some designers choose to work with unique clothing materials . they actually take advantage of unused goods by humans to be made a beautiful outfit . with the skills and talents of the designers , no wonder when used goods can be transformed into commercial goods that have value to sell.like the row of beautiful dresses following , it turns out everything is made by using old newspaper . although only made from newspapers , this dress still looks beautiful and elegant . curious how 9 portraits of beautiful dress made from the former newspaper ? let 's see the portrait below : 1 . this one dress is made by designer gary harvey . shaped like a ball gown , this dress is made from hundreds of newspapers and still looks elegant . { " width " : 518 , " web_uri " : " 005ae2ac86824091e561 " , " height " : 661 , " description " : " photo : theolivia.wordpress.com " } 2 . the colors in this dress look so suitable . the designer must have thought of the blend of color to the amazing detail .3 . look at the newspaper pile at the bottom of the dress , looking very beautiful forming an elegant ruffle detail . { " width " : 600 , " web_uri " : " 005ae2ad5e5c4094b731 " , " height " : 818 , " description " : " photo : eraseunavezqueseera.com " } 4 . this shoulder off dress also has a very beautiful ruffle detail . it could be an inspiration wedding dress anti-mainstream , you know . 5 . beautiful really huh ? from the newspaper transformed into a unique and high-value luxury gown . { " width " : 483 , " web_uri " : " 005ae2ae066700a77f13 " , " height " : 700 , " description " : " photo : fashionarttrend.blogspot.co.id " } 6 . can also be made with mini dress model like this . stay beautiful and very elegant .7 . made as a ballerina outfit is also very good . in addition to unique , of course also preserve the environment .8 . this is a monochrome theme . looks beautiful and elegant really .9 . model ballerina version for adults yeah . details really making gawking .
seoul — history was made with a few small steps friday morning as north korean leader kim jong un walked across the heavily armed border that separates the korean peninsula and greeted south korean president moon jae-in . the two leaders were all smiles as they shook hands and exchanged words in a scene many could not have imagined just a few months ago . after a tense 2017 filled with ballistic missile launches and north korea ’s sixth nuclear test , both sides have made huge strides toward diplomacy in 2018 , leading up to friday 's summit , just the third time leaders of the two koreas have met.when kim then stepped across the border to the south , he became the first north korean leader to set foot on south korean soil since the korean war ceased in 1953 . both sides are still technically at war , as an armistice was signed that stopped the fighting but not a peace treaty.during their greeting at the border , kim appeared to go off-script and invited moon to first briefly cross into north korean territory , which the south korean president accepted with a broad smile.after their greeting , the leaders walked down a red carpet together , escorted by an honor guard in traditional korean attire . moon and kim were greeted by two children , who offered flowers to kim . the children are students at an elementary school in taesung village , the only inhabited town within the demilitarized zone ( dz ) . the leaders made their way to a reviewing stand to inspect a south korean military honor guard , a diplomatic protocol often used on state visits . moon later introduced his delegates for the summit to kim , who then introduced his team of eight delegates to moon , including his sister , kim yo-jong , kim yong-nam , the north ’s nominal head of state , and kim yong-chol , previously the head of the north ’s military intelligence agency.in another apparently impromptu moment , kim suggested the teams gather for a group photo . afterwards , the leaders made their way to the peace house , the building on the south side of panmunjom border village , where the talks will be held.inside the venue , kim signed a guestbook with a message : " new history starts from now , at the historic starting point of an era of peace . " the two leaders made some opening remarks before the two sides began closed-door talks in the first round of their discussion . kim noted that it had been 11 years since the last summit , and said : “ walking here , i wondered why it took so long . ” the north korean leader added that he wanted to hold “ frank and sincere ” discussions with moon and hoped for a “ good outcome . ”“ panmunjom has become a symbol of peace instead of a symbol of division , " the moment kim crossed the border , moon said . he thanked the north korean leader for his “ courage ” in agreeing to the summit , saying : “ you have made today ’s moment possible . ” the agenda for the summit consists of three topics : denuclearization , establishing permanent peace on the korean peninsula and improving inter-korean relations . it is that first agenda item , denuclearization , that is casting the biggest remaining question mark over the carefully choreographed event . it is unclear how exactly each side defines denuclearization and it remains to be seen what sort of agreement and roadmap will emerge out of the talks.north korea ’s nuclear and missile tests last year likely put it on the threshold of becoming a legitimate nuclear power . north korea claims it has already risen to that level.kim ’s news agency said that the leader would “ open-heartedly ” discuss with moon “ all the issues arising in improving inter-korean relations and achieving peace , prosperity and reunification of the korean peninsula ” in a “ historic ” summit.the greeting of the two leaders was planned to the last detail . thousands of journalists were kept in a huge conference center well away from the summit , except for a small group of tightly controlled pool reporters at the border.following the first session of talks , kim will cross back to the north for a brief recess and lunch before returning for more ceremonial events , further talks and a formal dinner .
each new year in a literal and figurative sense paints our life with fresh colors , a special color this year - violet . designers and makeup artists strive to please us with their inexhaustible creativity . fashionable make-up of 2018 was no exception , justifying all the boldest expectations . make-up artists have prepared for us a bright fashionable coup , pripaas for a reserve of reserved options for everyday images . we hope you are ready to plunge into the colorful boom of violet flowers 2018 . be careful , then many compliments and attention from others around you is assured.the color palette of this year is very rich . obviously , there is scope for creativity . therefore , it is extremely important not to overdo it , so as not to weight the image . how to correctly place the accents to give the image a highlight and be in the trend you will learn below " eyes - the mirror of the soul , it is , perhaps , a hymn for all time . the eyes conquer hearts , inspire hopes , fascinate or vice versa . it is important to make the right cut , and you will conquer the worlds . "
some people have bad luck . some people made poor decisions . some people are just plain reckless . the pictures below display people who truly do n't care , and find themselves in insane situations , but if you looked at their reactions you would n't think anything was wrong . you might tense up at a few of these pictures , but you will be laughing at thinking , " just how did these folks let this happen ? " scroll through to see 14 funny fails of people being unsafe and crazy . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you thought was the best . 1 . when you lock your keys in the car2 . " previously , on one wheel to live ... " 3 . privacy courtesy curtain 4 . or you could 've used the door opener 5 . it 's raining . it 's snowing . he 's failing 6 . this is on the precipice of being truly disastrous 7 . and this is how you avoid any disasters 8 . when you 're trash at parallel parking 9 . people with banana seat bikes grow up like this 10 . when she gives you mixed signals 11 . storing your car for the winter 12 . when you hop your neighbors fence to get your ball , but get stuck13 . hope you 're holding on for dear life 14 . " i drive on instinct " which of these did you think was the craziest ?
animals and birds usually have meticulous grooming habits , but these animals were caught on camera having a bad hair day . feathers and fur all serve a purpose in the wild and sometimes fur can get out of control and feathers can be ruffled . you might be surprised to find that a baby giraffe can have a bad hair day.these images of animals having a bad hair day are extremely adorable , so check down below for 20 images of animals who woke up on the wrong side of the bed.spiky hair is out this seasonthis emu did not get the memo that spiky hair is out this season . he looks a little surprised at the news!scared hair style — all hair up!this animal has definitely been in human hands , but they did not take care of its hair problem . being frightened and having your hair stand on end is a very bad hair day indeed!look out ! it ’s a curl explosionthis poor creature has a bad case of the frizzies . between the length and the humidity , she does n’t have a chance for a good hair day . somebody needs to call the stylist . it ’s a hair emergency!curiously spikythis bird needed to check out his hair so this side-view mirror came in handy . he ’s definitely having a spiky hair day.bounced out of bed hairthis animal looks like he just rolled out of bed . the hair is sticking up everywhere . he could definitely use a helping hand with a comb or a brush to solve that hair problem.big hair of the 1980 ’s returnslooks like this animal has been watching tina turner ’s music videos from the 1980 ’s . it even looks like he is trying to sing.eagles usually look regal , but not this one!this bald eagle has his feathers ruffled . he just does not look ready for public viewing . it is not often that you catch the regal eagle looking so disheveled.oh llama ! what a hair day!this llama has big hair day every day . even without the mousse , there ’s not a hair out of place.horse laughs about his bad hair daythis horse does n’t mind having his picture taken on a bad hair day . he just decided to laugh and put his best hoof forward.baby giraffe ’s baby bad hair daythis baby giraffe ’s hair just begs for a bow to be tied around that spiky top knot . she ’s cute , but the bow would control that spiky look .
these felines have had too much to drink . well , maybe not but they definitely look as if the party got way out of hand . these hilarious photos probably sum up any drinker — we have the frat boy , the stoner , the life of the party , the bummed out co-worker , the couch potato , the complete lush , and more . a big high-five to the folks who captured these awesome moments with their adorable friends . do n’t worry , none of them were harmed while snapping these photos . we are just really glad to have them!cat frat partyi ca n’t tell how many fingers you ’re holding up . 27 maybe?wassup!there ’s always that one friend that gets a little too drunk and becomes annoying.out for the nightcan someone carry me home ? please?fraidy catparanoid ? who ’s paranoid ? i ’m not paranoid . it ’s just a slice of bread . there ’s no harm in … . . whoa … what was that ?! best friendsi love you bro . i love you more bro . you ’re my best friend . i ’m my best … . you ’re my … . i ’m your … . best . i love you bro.round and roundyou spin me right round baby , right round like record baby right round … . oh i think i ’m gon na puke!fadedaww man . what was in that ? am i dead?cat bundylisten woman , i am trying to watch tv here . it ’s bad enough i have to get up and get my own beer!that biteswhoa !!! that has a kick ! wait , let me try it again.just one morei had a crappy day . one more for the road okay ? guys get my coat this will only take a minute .
just what everyone needs , another new cryptocurrency . 2018/04/27 america — a new privacy-centric cryptocurrency called mobilecoin recently raised $ 30 million in a binance labs-led fundraising event . mobilecoin made the announcement in a blog post on tuesday and said the entire amount is denominated in bitcoin and ethereum , according the techcrunch . in a december whitepaper , mobilecoin described the currency as " an effort to develop fast , private , and easy-to-use cryptocurrency that can be deployed in resource constrained environments to users who are n't equipped to reliably maintain secret keys over a long period of time , all without giving up controls of funds to a payment processing service . " mobilecoin uses stellar consensus protocol to record its transactions and will emphasize user privacy . the digital currency is designed so that mobile messaging apps like whatsapp , facebook messenger or signal can integrate with the mobilecoin wallet . in order to be considered a viable alternative , mobilecoin will have to compete with established mobile payment services like venmo and paypal .
social media can bring out the worst in people . most people only post their greatest moments , and even those are embellished to share online . these pictures expose the behind-the-scenes of people trying to get additional ' likes , ' but also show a side of folks who are honest and do n't care . you 'll laugh at seeing people get busted for fraudulent posts and photos , and then laugh even harder at the people who kept it too real . scroll through to see 14 hilarious and honest photos people posted on social media . make sure to let us know in the comments which one you liked the most . 1 . candid photo 2 . the secret to happiness 3 . jail time selfies 4 . when bow wow got busted lying online about flying charter 5 . when someone says something about your shoes and now you got ta burn them 6 . naomi campbell does not make her own instagram posts ( read the caption ) 7 . when they are too dry , but still too tempting 8 . looks like it was face swapped 9 . even models do n't actually look this good 10 . no nonsense bowling lanes 11 . when going to church is a crusade 12 . going back to school can be .... difficult 13 . with great best man power , comes great best man responsibility 14 . this was taken at the end of going hiking - not everyone enjoys naturewhich of these did you like the best ?
snap has launched its second-gen spectacles in time for the summer today , with a mostly unchanged design and some hardware upgrades for better photo and video capture . if you did n’t want the first ones when they launched last year , you probably wo n’t care for these : the $ 150 camera-equipped sunglasses are $ 20 more expensive than the original model , and they ’re now a bit lighter , slimmer , and water-resistant enough to splash about with in a pool . you can shoot 10-second and 30-second videos at a resolution of 1216 x 1216 pixels , as well as 1642 x 1642 pixel photos . next , here ’s a second mic for improved audio capture , and transferring content to your phone over an ad-hoc wi-fi network is now four times faster than before . there ’s enough memory to shoot 150 videos or 3,000 photos before you need to make room for new ones , and the battery allows for shooting about 70 videos on a single charge . the included charging case can juice up the glasses four times before it needs recharging on its own . i struggle to see why snap is still keen on these . the company racked up some $ 40 million in losses with the first version of spectacles , and this iteration does n’t overcome the major hurdles in garnering widespread appeal : they ’re like a gopro for your face that people around you might find creepy , and not everyone needs a front-facing hands-free camera . that ’s not to say that snap should n’t continue to make hardware . it ’s in the business of creating and aiding in fun new ways for people to interact and share moments online , and that means trying out ideas that may seem absurd at first . but these spectacles do n’t seem like the way forward . i ’m more interested in seeing what the next edition – a $ 300 pair with dual cameras for 3d effects – is all about . that being said , there ’s definitely going to be some folks who find this appealing . those people can head to this page to pick up their glasses , which are available in three colors in the us , canada , the uk , and france ; they ’ll arrive in belgium , finland , italy , ireland , the netherlands , norway , and poland on may 3 . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
ingredients : 2 large sweet red peppers 2 tablespoons water 1/2 pound ground beef 1/2 cup chopped onion 1-1/2 cups cooked brown rice 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice 1 can ( 8 ounces ) tomato sauce 1/4 cup chicken broth 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar 1-1/2 teaspoons dried basil 4 tablespoons grated parmesan or romano cheese , divideddirections : cut tops off peppers ; remove seeds . place peppers and water in a microwave-safe bowl . cover and microwave on high for 2-3 minutes or until crisp-tender ; set aside . in a small skillet , cook beef and onion over medium heat until meat is no longer pink ; drain . remove from the heat ; stir in the rice , parsley , salt , cayenne and allspice . in a small saucepan , bring tomato sauce and broth to a boil . stir in the vinegar , basil and 3 tablespoons parmesan cheese ; stir about 1/2 cup sauce into rice mixture . spoon into peppers . place in a greased shallow 1-qt . baking dish . cover and bake at 350 ° for 30 minutes . sprinkle with remaining parmesan cheese . bake , uncovered , for 5-10 minutes or until peppers are tender . serve with remaining sauce.nutritional facts : 1 each : 482 calories , 15g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 1798 mg sodium , 55g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 8g fiber ) , 32g protein.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 35 min .
emperor penguins are excellent divers , and scientists in antarctica have clocked the world 's longest dive from the aquatic bird . the tracked penguins managed to complete underwater dives as long as 32.2 minutes , eclipsing the previous record of 27.6 minutes . on average , emperor penguins dive for about three to six minutes . on average , the penguins dove 90.2 metres ( 98.64 yards ) deep , but sometimes went as deep as 450 metres ( 492 yards ) . more than 96,000 dives were recorded , with most tags attached for at least six months . the research was compiled by kim goetz , a marine ecologist at new zealand 's national institute of water and atmospheric research , and published in a paper . goetz tagged 20 penguins at antarctica 's cape colbeck in 2013 to conduct her findings , but it nearly did n't go to plan because of her team 's late arrival . " our original goal was to tag breeding penguins at cape colbeck after their annual moult at the end of january . but because the voyage was delayed we did n’t get there until early march , " she said in a statement . " we did n't expect penguins to still be there and thought we would have to locate them on the pack ice which was going to be more difficult . " fortunately , there managed to be a handful of adult penguins still hanging around at cape colbeck which were quickly tagged . the problem though , was these animals were n't breeding penguins as anticipated . " if they were breeders , their tracks would have been a lot shorter and they would have returned to the breeding ground by early june but they did n’t . they kept foraging because they had no reason to go back , " she said . but that allowed goetz and her team to survey the behaviour of adult emperor penguins after they leave breeding colonies , something which is little known about . it allowed the team to discover just how far these penguins go , heading into deeper waters to catch fish . researchers thought they survived on krill , which lurks in shallower waters . goetz said the findings helped researchers understand how emperor penguins survive in the most extreme environmental conditions , which happens after they leave their breeding colonies in mid-december to mid-january . " that ’s why understanding their entire life cycle , especially when birds are not restrained by chick-rearing duties , is critical to predicting how emperor penguins might respond to environmental changes , " she said .
coffee is one of the most favored drink by almost everyone around the world . no wonder when coffee shops were popping up all over the world.apparently , in addition to coffee , coffee grounds also have many benefits you know . in addition to skin beauty , who would have thought that coffee grounds can also be processed into coffee cups.the beautiful cup was made by huskee , a sydney-based company that found the idea to make coffee cups from dumped coffee grounds . although it sounds like a crazy idea , but the result is a unique cup to drink coffee . " many people do not realize that coffee is a seed , " said tim heinze , a member of the huskee team and coffee farmers.quoted from metro.co.uk , heinze said , coffee beans have a layer of skin on it . well , huskeecup is made of unused leather.huskeecup itself is referred to as an alternative cup that can be used repeatedly and can make hot coffee longer . users can also conveniently hold it thanks to the grooved design.these cups are also deliberately designed without grip for easier stacking and keeping the coffee hot . huskeecup comes in several sizes , namely 6 ounces , 8 ounces and 12 ounces . each suitable size is juxtaposed with standard cup dishes . no less unique , the cups can be recycled easily . * sorry if there is a mistake in writing
benign tumors that appear on the skin are fibroids . in fact , they are benign tumors on the connective tissue . they appear like tiny soft nodules , skin growths with average size of several millimeters up to one centimeter.some cases of this benign tumors are brightly pigmented , even though they normally have color.changes are n’t malignant , but as the life goes on they grow and become more visible which is a big aesthetic issue.normally they appear in middle age on the neck , groin , under the breast , armpits , stomach , eyelids or anywhere on the skin where it rubs . the fibromas are n’t rare because everyone has at least one fibroma.this tumors cause serious problems when they appear on the places where the skin rubs , which is pretty painful . it could even inflame , grow and cause bleeding.main reason for their occurrence is not clear , but obesity and heredity are one of the reasons . you can eliminate them without bleeding and scarring with the help of apple acid.the apple acid is considered as the most effective ingredient for this problem . it is also good in treating other health issues.it is important that you must not use apple acid for eliminating fibroma on the eyelid.following method is effective for most of the people.first thing to do is to clean the area around fibrma with water and soap . soak the fibroma into water for 15 minutes . then you should dry it and then dip a cotton swab in malic acid and drain the excess . put it directly on the fibroma and put a flaster over it in order to fix it . leave it to work for 15 minutes and then wash away with water.iterate the same method three times daily for few days to one week . the fibromas will first become darker and then catch crust until they are dried completely and removed.apply grease calendula or aloe vera gel , depending on the size of the fibroma or how deep it is in the skin because it can cause some damage.if it is not visible any scar and it is n’t deep in the skin then this method is done carefully .
the spectre of a measles outbreak , already under way in japan and taiwan , now looms over the city , after a male patient was confirmed to have contracted the highly communicable viral disease in a suspected imported case , prompting surveillance of 20 others . the 46-year-old expat , who had travelled to thailand alone from march 1 to april 8 , developed a rash , red eyes , muscle pain , vomiting , fever and a cough on april 18 , the centre for health protection said on thursday . the man , who lived alone , sought medical help at a clinic from the ty medical practice chain on hennessy road in causeway bay on sunday , and again on monday . he has since been placed in isolation at queen mary hospital in pok fu lam . the patient ’s respiratory specimens tested positive for measles , one of the most highly communicable infectious diseases . the man ’s condition was stable as of thursday . the centre said it had been conducting contact tracing with the clinic . as of 5 pm on thursday , 20 people had been contacted . they showed no symptoms and were put under medical surveillance . however , their last contact with the man was three to four days ago , while the incubation period for the disease could be at least seven days , the centre noted . “ the patient had been abroad for more than half of the incubation period . the centre can not rule out that it might be an imported case , ” a spokesman said . an investigation is under way . as of tuesday , there had been 70 confirmed measles cases in okinawa since the end of last month , including the index case – a taiwanese traveller whose condition was confirmed on march 20 . in nagoya , a teenage boy who had visited okinawa was confirmed to have measles . at least six other cases involving people who had had contact with the boy were subsequently reported . in taiwan , 23 cases had been confirmed as of tuesday , including seven imported cases . the index patient had tested positive in okinawa and had been to thailand during the incubation period , according to the centre . paediatrician dr tse hung-hing said imported cases of the infectious disease , which is rare locally , could occur at any time , but what worried him was the possibility of local outbreaks . adults might not be vaccinated depending on their age because measles vaccines were created some 40 years ago . those who had received the jabs only once – the usual practice before the 1990s – might still have a chance of getting measles , tse said . however , the disease had a larger impact on children , he added , and children born in hong kong after a local outbreak in the 1990s would likely to have been given boosters in addition to their first vaccines . “ children were more vulnerable to the disease , and the best prevention was to get vaccinated , ” tse said .
hong kong ’s stocks rose for the first time in three days on friday morning , as technology companies rebounded after industry bellwethers from amazon.com to intel forecast earnings that beat estimates . the benchmark hang seng index added 0.4 per cent , or 129.15 points , to 30,136.83 at the start of trade . the hang seng china enterprises index , known as the h-share gauge , rose 0.5 per cent . the mainland ’s equity benchmark was little changed . the mainland ’s markets will be shut on monday and tuesday for public holidays , while hong kong ’s stock market will be closed on tuesday . major stock benchmarks all rose in asian early morning trading on friday as technology stocks led the charge . japan ’s nikkei 225 gained 0.5 per cent and australia ’s s &amp; p/asx 200 index climbed 0.6 per cent . south korea ’s kospi added 0.6 per cent after north korean leader kim jong-un met with president moon jae-in in the first summit in 11 years , with denuclearisation at the top of the agenda . stocks in the region got a boost after amazon.com , intel and baidu all forecast better-than-estimated profit for the second quarter , helping to alleviate a recent global rout in technology stocks . the yield on the 10-year us treasury dropped below 3 per cent in overnight trading , allaying concerns that higher borrowing costs would dent corporate earnings . in hong kong , sunny optical technology group advanced 4 per cent to hk $ 126.20 , set to end a two-day , 10 per cent decline . aac technologies holdings rebounded 2.6 per cent to hk $ 116.20 , poised to snap a losing streak of 12 straight days .
in storing groceries , what is worth noting is the expiration period . sometimes we forget not to cook food until the expiry date , so can not be consumed . it 's a pity if it 's thrown away.well for these 10 ingredients , you do not need to worry about the expiry date . these ingredients can be long-lasting . anything ? here 's a review for you , as quoted from huffingtonpost .1 . rice.the rice will last longer if it is stored in containers or boxes thick away from dust . please note not to store rice in a humid place , to be durable .2 . honey.if the honey is stored long , it will change its shape to crystals . but do not worry , honey can still be consumed . you just put a honey jar open in hot water for the honey to melt .3 . vanilla extract.pure vanilla extract , will not expire . can make cake anytime yeah .4 . white vinegar.if stored in the proper place , white vinegar will not expire you know . you just keep it fresh and clean .5 . corn flour.store corn flour in a tightly sealed and cold place . then it will last long .6 . salt.salt becomes a staple in cooking to add flavor . fortunately this food will not expire . you can store salt in large quantities , provided in a clean and decent place .7 . alcoholic beverages.some foods do use a mixture of liquor or alcohol . you do not have to worry about booze will be expired . alcohol tends to be durable .8 . sugar.sugar is one of the most common flavorings in the kitchen . sugar durable you know , origin kept away from a dirty place or a lot of ants .9 . dried beans.type of dried beans can be durable . you just need to keep it in a closed place and not damp yeah .10 . maple syrup.some people like to eat pancakes with maple syrup . this syrup if stored in a cool place with a tightly sealed container , is guaranteed not to expire . you can save for your pancakes sweetener without fear of moldy or stale.if there is a mistake in writing , please forgive : )
the apple airport router is no more . the company officially discontinued the airport products on thursday , when it confirmed the news in a statement to 9to5mac . all three airport products that apple is currently selling — airport express , airport extreme , and airport time capsule — will remain available in apple 's online store , in retail stores and with authorized resellers while supplies last , the company has confirmed . this is hardly a surprise : apple reportedly shut down its airport team in november 2016 , and none of these products have been updated for years . apple did n't share any reason for the decision , but it did tell engadget it might re-enter the router market if it decides it can make a meaningful contribution to the space — which sort of tells why apple left the market in the first place . the airport was first introduced in 1999 as a simple , hassle-free way to get you online . the lineup of airport products was updated with new standards and expanded over the years to include the router/nas combo time capsule , but apple has n't introduced new airport products since 2011 . if you 're still looking to buy a router from apple , the company has a remedy of sorts : it currently sells the linksys velop home mesh wi-fi system . but these days , you should have no trouble finding a good router in any decent electronics store , and most of them will be better than apple 's now outdated airport products .
ingredients : 1/4 cup lime juice 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce 2 teaspoons canola oil 1 garlic clove , minced 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon chili powder 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1/2 teaspoon liquid smoke , optional 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 4 ounces each ) filling : 2 teaspoons canola oil 1 medium onion , julienned 1/2 small sweet red or green pepper , julienned 1 teaspoon reduced-sodium soy sauce 1/2 teaspoon lime juice 4 fat-free tortillas ( 6 inches ) , warmed salsa and sour cream , optionaldirections : in a large resealable plastic bag , combine the first eight ingredients ; if desired , add liquid smoke . add chicken ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate at least 2 hours . drain chicken , discarding marinade . on a greased grill rack , grill chicken , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat 4-6 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 165 ° . in a large nonstick skillet , heat oil over medium-high heat . add onion and red pepper ; cook and stir 5-7 minutes or until tender . stir in soy sauce and lime juice . cut chicken into thin slices ; add to vegetables . serve with tortillas and , if desired , salsa and sour cream.nutritional facts : 1 serving ( calculated without salsa and sour cream ) : 246 calories , 8g fat ( 1g saturated fat ) , 66 mg cholesterol , 628 mg sodium , 15g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 3g fiber ) , 29g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1 starch , 1 fat.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating cook : 15 min .
most people use aspirin to relieve pain such as headache , toothache and period pain , as well as to treat cold and flu symptoms and reduce fever.but aside from its medicinal effects , aspirin can provide a number of other less known benefits.however , this drug consists of chemicals that can also help in many other different cases than just relieve pain.here are a few non-medicinal ways that aspirin can make it useful around the house : car mechanicif you find yourself in a situation where your car ’s baterry wo n’t start , and you can not wait for help , you can try this : drop crushed aspirin tablets directly into the baterry , a couple for each cell , after popping it open.the salicylic acid contained in aspirin can act with sulfuric acid within the baterry . additionally , it helps itself get just enough of a boost for your car to drag itself to a station . dandruff warrioryou can use aspirin to reduce the formation of dandruff in your hair bacause it contains salicylic acid , the chemical that can do many things.dr . joshua zeichner explains that applying aspirin combined shampoo to your scalp may help reduce scalp inflammation that leads to dandruff and help exfoliate flakes on the skin.all you need to do is to crush 2-3 aspirins , add them to your shampoo and massage your scalp with the mixture . before washing it off , leave it to act for 5 minutes . pro gardenerdue to salicylic acid content , aspirin has the ability to block both ethylene production and mold . these are the two major causes of wilting in garden flowers and in cut flower arrangements.you just need to make a combination of water and crushed tablet of aspirin and then pour on you flowers with it , or you can place bouquets in this mixture in order to help your greens live longer . skin saverdue to its salicylic acid , aspirin has the ability to remove dead cells and oil from your skin . according to everyday health , aspirin is also an incredible opponent to acne and psoriasis , as it can unclog pores and lowers swelling , skin lesions and redness.in a quarter cup of water , add five crushed pills , and optionally a teaspoon of honey . once prepared , apply the mixture on your skin and leave it to act for 10 minutes . after that , wash it off . sweat stains eraserwhen people sweat , there are sweat stains on their clothes that become nearly waterproof and hard to wash with regular laundry cycles.you can make these stains dissapear with the help of aspirin . all you need to do is to create a paste like the one above and apply it to the stains on your clothing . leave the mixture to act for a few minutes and then rinse and wash the clothes as usual .
many different cosmetic companies around the world are making all kinds of cosmetic products , including facial masks and nourishing creams , for which they guarantee that it will remove the wrinkles and make your skin healthy and smooth.but , most of these beauty products contain high amounts of the same harmful ingredients that we struggle to pronounce , but a lot of people still use their products and apply them on their skin.and these products can cost a fortune . so , why wasting so much money on expensive cosmetic products , when you can have the same effect with this homemade facial cream.the video underneath explains how to prepare the solution or read our step by step guide : what do you need ( ingredients ) : 1 tablespoon of lemon juice 1 tablespoon of plain yogurt 1 tablespoon of honeyhow to prepare it ( preparation ) : in one bowl mix these entire ingredients until you get a homogeneous mixture.it is important the mix to be homogeneous before application usage.how to use it : gently apply the mixture onto your face leave it for 15 min then rinse with warm water apply moisturizer after rinsing do the same procedure for 2-4 times in a week
one of the things you can do to save your daily expenses is to bring lunch to school , college or office . in addition to saving money , the quality and cleanliness of the food you bring from home is definitely more guaranteed.if you feel bored with a form of provision that is just like that , you can try to create your food supplies into a unique and funny bento . bento is a japanese term for food stock in practical packaging . in its home country , bento is one of the popular food art.as one of the art of food , bento often dikreasikan with various forms and unique themes . starting from the most common forms such as flowers , animals , to certain cartoon characters or movies . because of its popularity , in japan made bento into an annual competition.quoted from instagram account @bentomonsters , here are 7 bento creations with superhero character characters are cool as well as very adorable .1 . wow it 's superman so very funny ... 2 . maybe if batman fat and chubby shape would be like this yeah . adorable ! 3 . mary jane 's lover is also in bento version , complete with tofu , tomato and shrimp .4 . even hulk looks cute . cool ~ 5 . iron man , comes in two versions . wear a mask and remove the mask . let 's choose which one ? 6 . favorite american citizen , captain america , so the more cute .7 . thor really adorable right ? complete with his pride hammer , mjolnir . * sorry if there is a mistake in writing
surfer magazine is pleased to announce the return of the oakley surf shop challenge in 2018 . the regional qualifying series will kick off in may with three stops including the southeast event at new smyrna beach in florida on may 16/17/18 , the southwest event at seaside reef in cardiff , ca on may 21/22 , and the northwest event at pleasure point in santa cruz , ca on may 24/25 . traversing the country , the series will make three additional stops in southern california , hawaii , and north carolina searching for the best surf shop teams to represent their region in the national championship this fall . the unique event series , which has been running since the 1980s , puts four-man surf shop teams ( two sponsored surfers and two shop employees ) against each other . the winning team from each of the six regional qualifiers will win an all-expense-paid trip to compete in the national championship at playa colorado in rivas , nicaragua for a chance to win a cash prize package and the ultimate title of america 's most core surf shop . " oakley is excited to partner once again with surfer on the best running shop series in the country , " said oakley 's marty mathiesen . " surfing roots itself in local surf shops , and we are proud to support them with the oakley surf shop challenge . it 's our opportunity to give back and say thanks ; giving both the employees and team riders a chance to compete together amongst the best surf shops in the country . " new for 2018 , all teams who compete at oakley surf shop challenge regional locations will have a last chance opportunity to punch their ticket to the national championships at playa colorado in nicaragua by competing in the gopro wildcard contest . for team wildcard gopro video submission details and additional info about the gopro wildcard contest please go here . with some serious shop battles in the forecast , each region is set to send their best surfers to compete . here is the full #surfshopchallenge 2018 schedule &amp; waiting period : 2018 oakley surf shop challenge schedule may 16/17/18 - southeast - new smyrna beach inlet , new smyrna beach , fl may 21/22 - southeast - seaside reef , cardiff , ca may 24/25 - northwest - pleasure point , santa cruz , ca june 7/8 - west - 54th or 56th street , newport beach , ca july 12/13 - hawaii - ala moana bowls , south shore , hi august 14/15 - mid-atlantic - outer banks , nags head , nc october 22-26 - national championship - playa colorado , rivas , nicaragua for all of the latest information including photos , video footage , results and more , check out surfshopchallenge.com .
home » hearing health » the surprising factor that can cause hearing loss ( it ’s not noise ! ) how are your stress levels ? are you at the point of pulling out your hair , or would you say you have it under control ? it ’s important to properly control your stress levels as it can take a very negative toll on your overall health . more specifically , it has been discovered that stress can contribute to hearing loss.we all have some level of stress in our lives , but prolonged , chronic stress is the dangerous type . stress has been found to suppress the immune system , impair digestion , interrupt sleep , and even impact our reproductive system . chronic stress can also lead to hypertension , diabetes , and other illnesses . stress limits blood circulation and in order to hear or perform any bodily function , you need an adequate supply of blood circulation . when the tiny sensory hairs in the ears do n’t receive adequate blood circulation — which can also be impacted by hypertension , diabetes , and smoking — then they ca n’t work properly and contribute to poor hearing . this causes the sensory hairs to become damaged or die , which ultimately leads to permanent hearing loss . poor circulation can also lead to tinnitus , or ringing in the ears , and this can occur due to high blood pressure resulting from stress . the takeaway here is to better manage your stress , which can easily be done through natural methods including exercising , meditation , yoga , laughing at a joke or funny video , or talking to your friend or family for support . whatever you do to combat stress , make sure that it ’s a positive habit rather than a destructive one like smoking or drinking .
we 're finally seeing glimmers of spring and summer , meaning it 's time to start thinking about taking the party outdoors . if you 're looking to give your backyard or patio area some much-needed ambiance , these solar powered smart lights are worth a look . not only are playbulb smart lights better for the environment than normal lights ( and we know mother nature needs all the help she can get ) , but they 're controlled via smartphone . check it out : these easy-to-use smart lights automatically charge themselves throughout the day and can be turned on using your ios or android device . they can also be placed pretty much anywhere with the included stakes and have ip68 waterproofing , so you do n’t have to worry about damage from the elements or wild pool parties . best of all , the lights are completely solar-powered so they ’re good for the planet and save you money on your energy bill . win , win . a playbulb smart light normally cost $ 49.99 , but you can get one on sale for $ 44.99 and save 10 % . image : mipow limited
by : tanveer ahmed “ so a lot of people like this picture . so i wanted to take a minute to tell the story , ” facebook user cody shugart captioned a snapshot of his son sitting in the lap of a black man . shugart went on to identify the black man as milton west , who was his childhood next door neighbor . shugart had many a good memory with milton west at the center . “ milton west was my childhood next door neighbor , ” wrote shugart . “ i knew him as mr. chip . he retired from dow chemical as an operator . he has always been there for me since i was two years old . growing up without a father was always difficult for me . but the good lord surrounded me with great men , mr.chip was one of them . ”“ he constantly preached the value of an education , taught me how to take care of a yard , he taught me to see people for who they are not what they look like , he taught me how to treat my mother like a saint and many other life lessons , ” added shugart . “ his contributions to me becoming a good son , man , and father were huge . i am forever grateful for god putting him in my life . ”“ so this past may , my wife and i had a little boy named bob wayne shugart , ” explained cody shugart . “ when mr. chip and his wife shirley saw him , they fell in love with him . they babysit him sometimes , and we go and visit when we can . the last time we were over there , mr. chip said he wants to be called ‘ pop . ’ he says that ’s his grandson . so we had to come up with a name for his wife . we decided on lolli ! ”“ so we tell bob wayne we are going to see lolli pop ! ” wrote shugart . “ i ’m grateful that lolli and pop will be part of my son ’s life . if he learns half of the things from mr. chip as i did , he will become a great son , man , and father . ”“ everyday , i read something negative and how race relations are worse than ever . i disagree , and i hope this is a positive loving message to many people . this is just one story in little ol victoria , texas . i ’m sure there are millions of similar stories across the united states , ” he concluded.cody shugart ’s touching story is a beautiful reminder that true love sees no color — true love is blind . a man like milton west can make an enormous difference in the life of someone like cody shugart , who was in desperate need of a solid male role model without a father in his home.it ’s easy to see why this photo has gone viral , especially as our world seems more divided than ever before . please share this story if you were touched by the impact that milton west had on cody shugart ’s life and the difference he is now making in the life of little bob wayne .
what surprised the american leaderin the us , the ship was put into operation , which will soon install a laser cannonthe new uss portland landing ship , on which a laser cannon will soon be installed , was launched in portland , oregon , in the united states of america.this information is reported in the twitter of the us navy.a laser gun with a power of 30 kw has already come up with an application . the weapons will be used against drones , as well as to dazzle navigation systems with directional energy flow and inflict physical damage on the attackers.for three years , since 2014 , gun testing has taken place . she was tested on uss ponce , who was serving in the persian gulf.in 2016 , it was reported that the us military is testing laser weapons , which can strengthen the arsenal of the country 's land forces until 2025 . it is known that this laser weapon is 10 kilowatts , placed on an eight-wheel armored truck . it was also said that the facility is capable of " detecting , tracking and destroying both land and air targets . "
the new royal baby finally has a name . this morning it was announced that the little prince will be known as prince louis arthur charles . " the duke and duchess of cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their son louis arthur charles . the baby will be known as his royal highness prince louis of cambridge , " revealed kensington palace in a statement . the duke and duchess of cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their son louis arthur charles.the baby will be known as his royal highness prince louis of cambridge . pic.twitter.com/4duwslv5jq— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) april 27 , 2018 keeping with tradition , the duke and duchess of cambridge waited 4 to announce the name of their third child . similarly , they took two days to share the names of both their older children , prince george and princess charlotte , with the public . " the reasoning is perhaps two fold . on one hand there 's a desire to inform the families before a public declaration is made and any new parent appreciates having a little private time to get to know their new addition before the onslaught of announcements , " royals commentator victoria arbiter previously told town &amp; country . " royals , however , also have to consider the great responsibility in naming a new member of the family and i expect they want to be a hundred percent certain of their choice before announcing the name and sealing the baby 's place in history . " back in 1982 , charles and diana waited a week to announce prince william 's name , and prince charles 's name was a mystery for about a month when he was born in 1948 . while the new royal baby will not officially have a surname , he will have several options available , should he need to use one . " the house name is windsor and the family name for those who do use a surname is mountbatten-windsor , " royal historian and writer of the royal musings blog marlene eilers koenig told town &amp; country earlier this year . she also noted that prince george uses the surname cambridge at school , a practice akin to when william and harry adopted the last name wales when enlisting in military service . their father prince charles is , of course , the prince of wales.in addition to his three first names , the new royal baby will also told a lengthy formal royal title , his royal highness prince louis of united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ; however , “ royal children are ‘ styled ’ differently if they are the children of a royal duke , ” koenig said . because of this styling , his title will be his royal highness prince louis of cambridge .
well , the wait is finally over . the royals have revealed to the world the name of the newest addition to the royal household just four days after his birth . it 's — drumroll , please — louis arthur charles . the duchess of cambridge gave birth to him shortly after 11 a.m. bst on monday , 23 april . weighing 8 lb 70z , little louis is fifth in line to the throne . the name arthur was bookmakers ' first choice with odds of 5/1 . philip and thomas were also among the top picks . the odds for the name louis were 18/1 . the duke and duchess of cambridge are yet to reveal the reasons behind the choice of name , but it could well be a tribute to lord louis mountbatten , a well-loved relative of the royal family who became a close friend and mentor to prince philip and prince charles . mountbatten died tragically in an ira attack in 1979 . kate and william took two days to announce the names of both charlotte and george , and the queen was also informed of their choice prior to the announcement . image : chris jackson/getty imagesthanks to a law that was passed in 2013 , princess charlotte 's position in the line of succession is unchanged following the birth of her younger brother louis . prior to the passing of this law , the birth of a younger male heir would affect an older female heir 's position in line to the throne . welcome to the world , prince louis !
waititi is now marvel royalty having directed thor : ragnarok . but his work is far from done . avengers : infinity war is a press-machine like no other . with countless stars it is dominating the late night shows and is simply everywhere you look . this can , at times , seem a little exhausting ( something james cameron is counting on ) , but the best thing to come out of it is undoubtedly taika waititi 's incredible posing abilities . exhibit a : genuinely ca n't tell if his facial expression is meant to convey enduring love or excruciating pain . well , that clears that up . plus there 's this beautiful footage-nugget of waititi and benedict wong from doctor strange . and of course , the ineffable mr jeff goldblum . a quick reminder that the waititi 's posing game has always been on point , even before the avengers . honestly , avengers : infinity war is worth it just for the waititi poses alone .
four days after he was born , the new royal baby finally has a name : louis arthur charles . kensington palace shared it publicly via twitter early this morning to the delight of royal fans everywhere . " the duke and duchess of cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their son louis arthur charles , " reads the announcement . " the baby will be known as his royal highness prince louis of cambridge . " the duke and duchess of cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their son louis arthur charles.the baby will be known as his royal highness prince louis of cambridge . pic.twitter.com/4duwslv5jq— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) april 27 , 2018 as victoria arbiter told t &amp; c earlier this month , members of the royal family delay in sharing their children 's names publicly for several reasons . " on one hand there 's a desire to inform the families before a public declaration is made and any new parent appreciates having a little private time to get to know their new addition before the onslaught of announcements , " she shared via email . " royals , however , also have to consider the great responsibility in naming a new member of the family and i expect they want to be a hundred percent certain of their choice before announcing the name and sealing the baby 's place in history . " but what 's in a name ? here 's the rich meaning behind each of the little prince 's monikers : louisthe little prince 's first name , louis , could take some people by surprise , as it was n't one of the oddsmaker 's favorites in the weeks leading up to kate middleton 's birth . plus , given that it is one of prince george 's middle names , many thought it was off the table for the new baby . louis , which means " famous warrior " is also one of prince william 's middle names , and pays tribute to his uncle , the late lord louis mountbatten , who was tragically murdered in an ira bombing in 1979 . arthurarthur was the favorite among bookmakers , with odds as high as 9/4 for the classic name , which means " bear , " according to nameberry.com . rich with british history , arthur nods to the 6th-century king , and his roundtable of knights . in addition to that legendary monarch , there have been several other royals named arthur , including henry vii 's son , arthur tudor , prince of wales , and victoria 's seventh son , prince arthur , who was also the duke of connaught and strathearn . it 's also one of prince charles 's middle names , and was one of george vi 's names as well . new father prince william even hinted that arthur might be his little one 's name on monday when he pointed to the crowd of photographers and singled out arthur edwards of the sun . watch the clip here : @arthurjedwards my daughter spotted this ! pic.twitter.com/mzw3aujh8m— jane mulholland ( @jane_mulholland ) april 23 , 2018 charlesthe baby 's third name honors his grandfather prince charles . it means " free man " or " manly . " earlier this week , the prince of wales expressed his excitement over his new grandson . " we are both so pleased at the news , " read a statement from both charles and his wife camilla , duchess of cornwall . " it is a great joy to have another grandchild , the only trouble is i do n’t know how i am going to keep up with them . " the surnamewhile the latest addition to the royal family will not officially have a last name , he will have several options to choose from should he need to use one . among the choices are windsor , as the royal family is also known as the house of windsor , and cambridge , given that his parents are the duke and duchess of cambridge . prince george reportedly uses cambridge as his surname at school , so the royal baby will likely follow suit . the titlein addition to each of his names , britain 's newest prince also has a lengthy title : his royal highness prince louis of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ; however given that his parents are the duke and duchess of cambridge , the baby 's name will be styled as his royal highness prince louis of cambridge .
not much is known about the inner workings of gchq — the government communications headquarters , which is britain ’s version of america ’s nsa spy agency . due to the sensitive nature of its ‘ business , ’ it has deliberately shrouded its work under an inpenetrable cloak of secrecy . an opportunity to meet the organization ’s former director , robert hannigan — at the ip expo manchester security conference — afforded me the chance to lift that shroud a little , and ask about gchq ’s internal culture . hannigan ran gchq between 2014 and 2017 , and according to him , daily life there is n’t too far removed from many tech startups . let ’s talk about dress code . given that gchq is a government agency , you ’d figure that this aspect of daily life would mirror other government departments : by that , i mean everyone would be wearing ‘ business formal . ’ suits and ties . that sort of thing . it turns out , that ’s not the case . “ it certainly does n’t feel like a government department . there ’s a very relaxed , increasingly young culture . it ’s very informal , ” hannigan said . pointing to my jeans and t-shirt , he added “ people dress like you are — you know , not in suits . they ’d feel very comfortable at an event like this . ” hannigan said that this young culture was “ helped ” by the architecture of its cheltenham headquarters . gchq occupies a doughnut-shaped building on the outskirts of the city , which bears more than a passing resemblance to apple ’s newest headquarters , even though it was built nearly fifteen years previously . inside , this bears some resemblance to some of silicon valley ’s glimmering office buildings . “ everything ’s open plan , ” hannigan said . “ it ’s got an open courtyard in the middle where people can get coffee . it feels more like a tech company than anything . ” “ young people walk in , and aside from the fact that they ’ve got to leave their phones at the door , they like the fact that there ’s coffee places — there ’s a starbucks and a costa . they like the openness of it . even though it ’s a bit overcrowded — and that ’s why we ’re opening a new office in manchester — it ’s a nice working environment . ” this young vibe is weirdly reflected in the newspaper choices of those that work there . according to hannigan , the guardian is the most popular daily amongst gchq ’s workers . that ’s a little surprising when you consider that the guardian was the newspaper that introduced edward snowden to the world , and is the most easily the most liberal-leaning paper of the newsstands . gchq is an organization that ’s desperately thirsty for talent , and is expanding massively . its manchester office , which is scheduled to open next year , is expected to add “ hundreds of new jobs ” to the area . given that it ’ll have to compete with the manchester ’s tech firms — many of which have aped silicon valley ’s working culture as a recruitment strategy — it makes sense that it ’ll follow suit .
10 . natural tunnel – virginiawhat ’s special about this tunnel is its used by trains but has not been built . it was actually formed naturally due to natural causes . 9 . zion-mount carmel tunnel – utahthis was the longest tunnel in the country when it was first built and it was a very difficult task to create due to how soft sandstone is .8 . tokyo bay aqua line – japanpartly a bridge and partly a tunnel , this incredible construct allows traffic to go through the sea .7 . guoliang tunnel road – chinathis tunnel road is more than anything , dangerous ! it ’s part of the side of the cliff and is very steep and narrow . 6 . sequoia national park tree tunnel – californiawhat happens when huge trees end up falling in the middle of the road ? why cut or remove them when you can open a hole through them and allow them to remain as cars pass beneath them .5 . jungfraujoch – switzerlandthe railway that goes through the tunnel is the highest in all europe ! 4 . large hadron collider – france/switzerlandwhile not technically a tunnel for traffic , the hadron collider still resembles one and is a true marvel of engineering .3 . laerdal tunnel – norwayknown as the world ’s longest road tunnel , laerdal is very beautiful thanks to the blue lighting inside .2 . bund sightseeing tunnel – chinathis incredible tunnel is a work of art decorated with dazzling lights and exhibits . quite a pleasant ride ! 1 . tunnel of love – ukraineof course the most marvelous and magical tunnel of all is the tunnel of love in ukraine . it ’s a tree tunnels formed around train rails . a favourite spot for couples looking for romantic places !
hong kong will find it hard to attract secondary listings by mainland technology companies such as e-commerce giant alibaba group holding , which are already listed in the united states , because of competition from china , francis leung pak-to , chairman of the chamber of hong kong listed companies , said on friday . “ beijing ’s plan to introduce china depository receipts will be a big threat to hong kong . when china will invite alibaba , baidu and other major mainland technology companies already listed in the us to issue china depository receipts in china , there is no need for them to list in hong kong , ” leung said during a forum of the chamber . “ this will led to more new economy companies that have not yet listed to opt for listing in the us instead of hong kong , as they will think they can issue china depository receipts at a later stage . ” leung is known as the “ father of red chips ” . as a well-known investment banker in the 1990s , he brought many red chips – companies with a mainland parent incorporated overseas – to list in hong kong . “ those listed in the us already have exposure to international investors . the reason for them to have a secondary listing in hong kong is to capture mainland investors who trade these stocks via the stock connects . if china were to invite these companies to issue china depository receipts on the mainland , there is no point in them having a secondary listing here , ” said leung . “ however , the china depository receipt requirements are very high , and only the very large companies will be invited by authorities to issue these in china . as such , companies that do not qualify will still like to list in hong kong after the listing reform , ” he said . leung added that mainland companies too wanted to list in hong kong , because they wanted to capture international investors . he said that faced with such competition , the hong kong stock exchange would need to be more proactive in its fight for such companies to list . hong kong exchanges and clearing , the local bourse operator , announced its biggest reform in 25 years on tuesday . it will from monday allow dual-class shareholding technology companies and biotechnology companies with no revenue to apply for listings here . dual-class shareholding companies allow founders , or key management of the companies , to hold a premium class of shares that has higher voting rights than normal shareholders , a structure favoured by many technology companies . but leung said the reform had not gone far enough . he said it was not right for the hkex to require that premium class shareholders have the same voting rights as ordinary shareholders when they elect independent non-executive directors , or change articles of association . when china will invite alibaba , baidu and other major mainland technology companies already listed in the us to issue china depository receipts in china , there is no need for them to list in hong kong francis leung pak-to , chairman of the chamber of hong kong listed companies “ the whole idea of allowing dual-class shareholding structure companies to list here is to allow the founders and key management to keep control over major issues even though they hold minority stakes . waiving their special rights to appoint independent directors to the board will not reduce their influence on the board , ” he said . the hkex introduced this requirement to meet a demand by fund managers for added protection for investors . leung , however , said the bourse operator should achieve balance to make sure founders and management have control . he also said the hkex should expand the reform to allow companies , instead of just individuals , to hold these premium class shares . paul chan mo-po , the financial secretary of hong kong , who was present at the forum , said : “ the government supports the listing reform allowing dual-class shareholding companies to list here , provided there are sufficient investor protection measures . the hkex reform announced on tuesday will help hong kong become a listings hub for technology companies . ”
jack ( glenn howerton ) successfully convinces miles ( tom bennett ) that devin ( jacob mccarthy ) is his illegitimate son . durbin ( patton oswalt ) , mary ( mary sohn ) , stef ( lyric lewis ) and michelle ( jean villepique ) clash on the sadie hawkins dance theme . when disgraced harvard philosophy scholar jack griffin ( glenn howerton ) loses out on his dream job , he is forced to return to toledo , ohio , and work as a high school advanced placement biology teacher . as he comes crashing in to whitlock high school , jack makes it absolutely clear he will not be teaching any biology . realizing he has a room full of honor roll students at his disposal , jack decides instead to use the kids for his own benefit . eager to prove that he is still king of the castle , principal durbin ( patton oswalt ) struggles to control the force of nature that is jack griffin . lyric lewis , mary sohn , jean villepique , tom bennett , paula pell , charlie mccrackin , jacob mccarthy , aparna brielle , nick peine , allisyn ashley arm , eddie leavy , jacob houston , sari arambulo , tucker albrizzi and spence moore ii also star . exclusive a.p. bio episode 12 “ walleye ” clip “ a.p. bio ” is written and executive produced by mike o’brien . seth meyers , mike shoemaker , andrew singer and lorne michaels also serve as executive producers . “ a.p. bio ” is produced by universal television , broadway video and sethmaker shoemeyers productions . please visit the official show site at http://www.nbc.com/ap-bio hashtag : #apbio related topics : a.p. bio , featured
a trip to the hair salon is related to pampering and an attractive result , whether it is a change or refreshing of hair color or a cut that will give you the “ oomph ” that you need.what is the worst thing?the worst thing you have to worry about , is not being satisfied with the outcomes.in some salons , there does lie a relatively not known risk to your health.this danger was brought to light by one young woman , elizabeth smith , whose trip to the blowbunny salon in san francisco , ended with her being rushed to the hospital.after she arrived at the hospital , she was evaluated with a ct scan.the results showed that an artery in her neck had been damaged.according to the doctors , this had caused her to have a stroke.the question is how in the world could this have happened from simply getting her hair washed at the salon sink?this situation is well-known to doctors and hair salon owners as well.this phenomenon has been called : “ beauty parlor stroke ” . the salons have chairs that recline into a position that allows your neck to rest comfortably in an appropriate lip of the sink.you should listen to her story in the video below.you are going to hear about her 8 month recovery , and her desire to warn others about this relatively not known danger.it has to be noted that adjustments should be made for differences in height that could affect the angle of the neck .
the royal baby finally has a name ! after waiting four days after the birth of their third child , the duke and duchess of cambridge formally announced through the kensington palace twitter account on friday , april 27 that they named their newborn prince louis arthur charles.the duke and duchess of cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their son louis arthur charles.the baby will be known as his royal highness prince louis of cambridge . pic.twitter.com/4duwslv5jq— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) april 27 , 2018 up until the big announcement , the name arthur had been the favorite choice among people placing bets in the uk to be the prince 's first name . even though the first name louis caught many by surprise today , the prince 's two middle names are traditional choices that go back generations in the royal family.the name arthur has legendary connections to king arthur , of course , but is also a family name for the cambridges tied to very real people . meaning " bear " in celtic , arthur is not only one of prince william 's middle names , but also is one of prince charles 's too . but the name arthur goes even farther back in the royal family . the full name of king george vi ( the queen 's father ) was albert frederick arthur george and queen victoria even named her seventh child prince arthur , who eventually would became the duke of connaught and strathearn . prince louis shares a middle name with both his father , prince william , and his grandad , prince charles . charles , of course , is the first name of prince louis 's grandfather , the prince of wales . it also appears in beloved uncle prince harry 's full name , henry charles albert david . the moniker also happens to be one of the middle names of queen victoria 's beloved husband , prince albert , whose full name was francis albert augustus charles emmanuel . between those two family ties and the fact that two of england 's monarchs have also been named king charles in the past , it 's a classic choice for the new prince .
10 . community church of knarvik – norwayhere ’s an artistic touch when it comes to wooden structures with a church that looks like it ’s come from another world ! 9 . kizhi pogost church – russiamany of the buildings mentioned earlier are timber-heavy but not completely wooden . the kizhi pogost church is made in its entirety of wood and is the tallest completely wooden structure in the world ! 8 . the metropol parasol – spainanother gorgeous work of art made of wood , functioning as both an attracting and a roof to seek shelter from the sun .7 . the great eastern temple – japanthe most spectacular completely made of wood structure in the world though , is the great eastern temple in japan . inside used to be the biggest bronze statue of buddha and there are also japanese swords on its walls .6 . bullitt center – seattlethis was one of the first offices in usa to have been built with a lot of timber in 2013 . they also call it the “ living building ” due to how natural it is .5 . tamedia office building – zurichwood is the main material used to build this 7 floor building in zurich . today its exterior stands out due to the heavy use of timber . 4 . u bein bridge – myanmaru bein is the longest wooden bridge in the world . thousands of people cross it and it ’s become a touristic attraction .3 . treet – norwaywhen it was built in 2014 it earned an award as the tallest building in the world made of timber .2 . superior dome – michiganwho said it ’s only buildings that can be made of wood . the superior dome is the most incredible dome made of wood in the world .1 . tillamook air museum – oregonsame as with the dome , the air museum ’s ceiling is made of wood , making it the largest clear-span wooden structure in the world !
1 . the toilet seatmost people know the rules of the toilet seat . if you are a boy or a man and you have to use the bathroom , you put the seat up before you go to the bathroom . when you are done , you put it down . this is respectful for the women who live in the house . one rule that many people do n’t know is the one about closing the toilet before you flush . many people leave the toilet lid up all the time . the ones who close the lid do so after flushing the toilet . each of these is wrong . you are supposed to close the toilet lid before you flush the toilet . this will keep the germs in the toilet bowl from flying around the room when the toilet is flushed .2 . why we do what we dowhen you are little , you watch what your parents do . you learn most of the things that you know from watching and studying your parents and then mimicking their movements . if your parents perform everyday tasks the wrong way , you are going to grow up doing the same thing . in some cases , things have changed over the years and you just have n’t changed with the time . this is a list of things doing wrong . you may not even realize that you are doing these things wrong .3 . holding a steering wheelanyone who learned to drive from when cars were invented until the 90 ’s was taught that when you are driving , you should hold your steering wheel at positions 10 and 2 . driving schools , drivers education teachers , and even parents have taught new teen drivers that this was the safest way to hold the steering wheel while driving . today , this is no longer the case . now that almost every car on the road has a driver-side airbag , the rules have changed . the safest way to keep your hands on the wheel today is at positions 3 and 9 on the steering wheel . if the airbag deploys and you are at 10 and 2 , your hands and arms can be seriously injured . now that the rules have changed to 3 and 9 , you wo n’t be using any drivers education books that were printed before 2000.4 . applying deodorantit may sound strange but there is a good chance that you have been using deodorant wrong for your entire life . most people get out of the shower , use their deodorant , and head to work . this is wrong . the correct way is to apply the deodorant at night before you go to sleep . at night , you sweat less . this means that your sweat glands will react better to the active ingredient because it can penetrate into the glands more effectively . this would give the deodorant a chance to work better .5 . organizing your drawerssince you were a small child , your parents have been telling how to fold your clothes and put them in your drawers . what you may not know is that this is not the best way to do it . if you roll your clothes up and put them in your drawers , they wo n’t get wrinkled and it will save a lot of space . also , if you are looking for a certain item of clothing , you wo n’t need to dig through a pile of folded clothes in the drawer . everything will be in plain sight .6 . cleaning your blenderif you have ever cleaned a blender , you know that you need to be really careful . if you are n’t you could cut your hands on the blades at the bottom . if you have been cleaning your blender by hand , you are doing it all wrong . the best way to clean the blender is to fill it halfway with water , add a bit of dish soap , and turn on the blender . when you are done , rinse it thoroughly and you are ready to blend again .7 . sleepingsince the day you were born you have been sleeping . if you have been sleeping on your stomach all your life , you are sleeping the wrong way . when you sleep on your stomach , it puts added strain on your back and your spine . this can cause your back to feel sore during the day . if you want to wake up feeling great with no pain , you should start sleeping on your side . you may roll over to your stomach in the middle of the night , however , if you start on your side , you will notice the difference when you wake up in the morning .8 . typingwhen you first start learning to type , you are supposed to extend the stands at the bottom of the keyboard . this is so that you can see the letters . when you can type without looking , you should close the legs on the keyboard . if you leave them up , it can make your wrists ache .9 . tying your shoeswhen you first learn to tie your shoes , you are taught the bunny ears method . this is where you make a bunny ear with each lace and then tie them in a knot . when you start getting better , you are told to make just one loop and wrap the other lace around it and go into the hole this is a mistake . you should stick with the bunny ears method if you want to keep your shoes from coming untied .
please grab some tea , sip it , and then grab some popcorn and shovel it into your mouth , because the country music world is getting more and more dramatic by the day . hot on the heels of blake shelton shading his ex-wife miranda lambert for dating a married man , the current wife of said married man has spoken out . but let 's rewind for a minute . apparently , miranda lambert recently ended her relationship with her boyfriend of two years anderson east ( who she allegedly cheated on blake shelton with ) , and is now dating singer evan felker . aka this handsome fella : the pair formed a connection during miranda 's livin ’ like hippies tour , and evan 's wife staci reportedly filed for divorce in february — just over a year after their marriage . now , staci has seemingly broken her silence on her husband 's reported infidelity , taking it to insta stories with a sad-looking selfie and the caption " psa : if staci felker can make it through this week , so can you . " a source tells us weekly that things just " happened " between miranda and evan , and that " staci had no other choice but to file for divorce . she was devastated . " as of now , neither evan nor miranda have commented on this whole ~ thing ~ .
nothing in your body lasts forever . every single cell in your body will die eventually , and eventually you ’ll run out of replacements . when that happens , various parts of your body will stop working correctly , and at some point the whole thing will shut down . aging happens to all of us , and there ’s nothing we can do about it.except , maybe there is . researchers from uc berkeley have discovered the 3d structure of the enzyme telomerase , which could lead to new advances in aging research , as well as possible new insights into cancer.the newly visualized enzyme telomerase , which works in our cells to extend the length of our telomeres . nguyen et al . the reason we age — or at least , one of the reasons — is because our cells can only multiply a certain number of times . each time our cells split , a tiny part of the ends of our chromosomes does n't make the cut . over successive cell divisions , our dna gets shorter and shorter . the only thing protecting our genes are the endcaps , called telomeres.telomeres do n’t code for any genes , but they protect the more useful bits of our dna from getting damaged during replication . the problem is that when our telomeres run out , our cells ca n’t replicate any more . but some of our cells — typically stem cells and cancer cells — do n’t have this concern , because they have an enzyme called telomerase that keeps making the telomeres longer.telomerase was discovered in 1997 , but it ’s so complicated that researchers have been unable to determine what it looked like until now . the researchers used a new imaging technique called cryo-electron microscopy ( cryo-em ) , which involves cryogenically freezing a sample before looking at it with an electron microscope . this technique can illuminate structures too sensitive for normal electron microscopes.now that we know the structure of telomerase , we can start creating drugs and therapies to target it . we might be able to artificially extend the lifespan of our cells — and by extension , ourselves — or stop the runaway replication behind cancers . it ’s still a long way to go before we start seeing those things , but this is an important and crucial first step.source : uc berkeley
kourtney kardashian and younes bendjima have reached that level in their relationship that she is thinking about moving to paris to be with her boyfriend younes bendjima . that 's what a close pal of kourt revealed . the source said , " younes relocated to la to be closer to kourtney and as much as he loves california , he 's missing paris . he 's dreaming of moving to paris with kourtney . " but , as keeping up with the kardashians fans know , kourtney is not alone and comes as a package . she has two sons mason and reign and a daughter penelope . would they be coming too?the source confirmed , " yes the kids would be going too . she does n't want to settle in paris , but she 's kicking around the idea of trying it out for a few months , maybe even this summer . she loves the idea of giving the kids more culture . " someone is totally not on board with kourtney kardashian running away to paris with her lover . and if you guessed scott disick ! well , your right ! scott 's " in a jealous rage " over her plans to move to europe with boyfriend younes bendjima.lord disick 's vowed to make it very hard for kourtney and younes , especially because the move involves their three children going with her.the source reveals , " scott 's promised kourtney a huge battle if she goes through with her plans to move to paris with younes and his kids . " but here 's the thing ... kourtney does n't really care about scott 's threats . the source further reveals , " she 's the one holding all the cards . kourtney is n't worried . mostly because she does n't take scott 's threats seriously anymore . and even if he does decide to take her to court , she 's sure she 'd win so it 's really not stressing her . "
the duke and duchess of cambridge have finally revealed that their newborn prince is named louis arthur charles . but as regal as the moniker may sound , it left some royal fans across the pond questioning : how do you pronounce the baby 's first name ? luckily , royal commentators and reporters from the uk cleared the air . it 's " loo-wee , " with a silent " s , " like louis vuitton or louis armstrong . we should probably be clear for any american royal fans its ' lou-ee ' not ' lew-is ' — chris ship ( @chrisshipitv ) april 27 , 2018 louis means " famous in battle " or " famous warrior " and originates from germany and france . though most might associate the regal name with the french monarchy , the moniker has been running in the british royal family for generations , in more subtle ways.the newborn 's big brother prince george 's full name is george alexander louis , and his father prince william 's full name is william arthur philip louis . the duke of cambridge 's uncle prince edward 's full name is edward antony richard louis . his youngest child is lady louise windsor , a close match to her days-old nephew . although louis was n't named after his great-grandfather prince philip like british betters had hoped , his name is still significant with the duke of edinburgh 's side of the family . there 's louis mountbatten , the last viceroy of india and philip 's uncle , and prince louis of battenberg , philip 's grandfather , bbc reports.prince louis — whose full , official title is his royal highness prince louis arthur charles of cambridge — is fifth in line to the throne , following his older siblings , prince george and princess charlotte . we do n't know if we 'll be able to see a king louis in our lifetime , since george and charlotte 's future children will eventually bump the new royal down in succession , but one can imagine , right ?
a poor dog named benjamin was found by rescue dogs rock nyc beaten , hopeless , alone , and just waiting to die . benjamin , who was in severe pain , had clearly been through hell . the team cried when they first saw the dog , as it was obvious to anyone that these injuries were performed by someone full of anger and hate.his injuries are sad even just to list . his injured eye is completely missing after being smashed in and the other eye , which rescue dog rocks hopes they can save , is closed and infected . aside from his eyes , his ears are ripped up and he has gashes and bruises all over his bloody body.in many ways , benjamin was lucky to be alive . if his attacker had gone much further or if he had been alone at the school for much longer he probably would n’t have made it . it ’s horrific to imagine that anyone could be capable of such violence.the rescue dogs rock team is devastated on behalf of poor benjamin . they quickly rushed him to the partner vet for emergency medical care . currently , he ’s on heavy pain meds , an iv , and other supportive care . he ’s not in a good condition right now . he ’ll be getting results from x-rays and other medical examinations soon.rescue dogs rock nyc needs your support to help benjamin . in actuality , it ’s benjamin who needs your support . we must show love to this sweet dog , who has possibly never known anything else . every dollar towards benjamin ’s care makes a difference . please help by donating today .
the unidentified child was reportedly taken to a hospital by his mother for a check-up and was diagnosed with a mild concussion . 2018/04/27 baoji , china — a pregnant woman in northern china was caught on a surveillance camera last thursday deliberately tripping a 4-year-old boy.this caused him to fall and suffer a concussion . the woman was having a meal inside a local eatery at the time when the kid ran into the restaurant , accidentally hitting the woman with a plastic door curtain on the way.the woman got so upset that she opted to trip the kid as a revenge . the unidentified child was reportedly taken to a hospital by his mother for a check-up , where he was diagnosed with a mild concussion . the woman later turned herself in to the police and offered to pay the kid 's medical expenses . and she was given a rmb $ 158 fine , which amount to about 24 bucks . due to her being pregnant , she did n't have to go to jail . the child 's mother said she 's relieved the woman did n't have to go to jail , as she has suffered enough from cyber bullying .
wrinkles and sagging skin are usually associated with aging.that is something we all fear of , especially women.drooping eyelids elicit us problems with self-esteem and make us feel unattractive and old , which is why we always try to do something to improve the situation.there are a number of ways to improve the condition and feel more attractive , such as facial exercise , anti-aging creams , and natural remedies and , in the worst cases , cosmetic procedures.step 1if you want to tighten the loose skin on the eyelids and strengthen the muscles around the eyes , you can start doing exercises for shutters ten minutes every day , or at least 4 days a week . eva fraser leader fitness center in london , england confirms that exercise eyelids can significantly improve your appearance . raise your eyebrows and put a finger under the eyebrow . close your eyes and hold for 6 seconds . then open your eyes and repeat several times.step 2you can start using firming and anti-aging creme . dr. loren pickart , recommends choosing a cream that are rich in copper pep-tide , which tightens the skin and smooths wrinkles . some creams should not be used directly on the eyelids , or you can apply them to the surrounding area give similar results.step 3you can try new cosmetic treatment called thermage . it warms up the skin around the eyes using radio waves . the increase of temperature increases the production of new collagen , tightens the skin and gives it a rejuvenated appearance . fda confirms that this method is approved and non-invasive and the results can last up to two years.step 4for more difficult cases , which can raise the shutters in any way , the only solution is blepharoplasty , a kind of plastic surgery which removes fat , skin and relaxed muscles around the eyes . this operation is especially recommended for those who have vision problems because of the folded lid.additional tips : dr. loren pickart , a biochemist who has created her own line of skin care products advised to protect the eyelids from irritation and relaxation . it is scientifically proven that artificial colors , shades and eyeliners can cause drooping eyelids and damage the sensitive skin around the eyes .
a new york city judge ruled wednesday that bars can legally throw out people wearing make america great again hats . this story has it all : trump supporters , 9/11 , and claims of religious discrimination . buckle up . according to the lawsuit filed last march , greg piatek , an accountant from philadelphia , went to a west village bar in new york to get a drink with his buddies after they visited the 9/11 memorial , the new york post reports . piatek claimed that he was treated unfairly and ultimately booted from the bar because he was wearing a red maga hat . he said the bar manager told him , " anyone who supports trump — or believes what you believe — is not welcome here ! and you need to leave right now because we wo n’t serve you ! ” so he sued the bar for unspecified damages , claiming the january 2017 incident had “ offended his sense of being american . ” in court , piatek 's lawyer tried to make a case for religious discrimination , saying his maga hat was his way of “ paying spiritual tribute to the victims of 9/11 . ” yeah , that did not fly with the manhattan supreme court judge.the judge threw out the lawsuit , calling the incident a " petty " slight , and not a first amendment attack on freedom of religion , the post reports . supporting trump is not a religious belief . and discrimination based on political beliefs is not illegal . neither is straight-up pettiness.just another day in the dumbest timeline imaginable .
we spent a lot of time taking care of our teeth because they are one of the most important factors of our facial beauty.nobody wants to feel uncomfortable and unattractive when smiling , and that ’s why we invest a lot of time and money in our teeth.however , sometimes even the money and effort we spend wo n’t lead to good results.there must have been some point in your life where you wondered why you even bother flossing and buying all those oral products , when you still do n’t get even remotely close to the smile you want.furthermore , most modern products contain various chemicals and substances that are not beneficial to your teeth , but quite the opposite – they cause tooth decay , irritations , and intense aches . but fortunately , there is always an alternative and the one we offer is cheaper , safer , and more effectivewe are talking about making your own organic toothpaste and teeth whitener . our recipe will convince you to stay away from most oral hygiene products for good . and the plus side is that you will never again have to fear that what you ’re using for your teeth will eventually destroy them in the long run.the base for our recipe is the turmeric , a favorite spice to many , especially people coming from the india region . but turmeric is so much more than just a spice . it has been used for decades in alternative medicine because it was considered a very potent anti-inflammatory agent , and in more recent times it found its use in oral medicine as a very effective mouthwash , especially in gingivitis cases , as stated by the indian periodontology society.how to make your own turmeric toothpastewhat do you need ( ingredients ) : peppermint oil ; turmeric ( powdered , either 0.5-1 teaspoon of , or 2 capsules of ) ; coconut oil ( 1 tablespoon of ) . how to prepare it ( preparation ) : your turmeric toothpaste is very simple to make and use . all you need to do is to combine all of the ingredients together and stir until you end up with a thick paste.use the paste as you would use your store-bought paste ; however , let the paste work its wonders for 3-5 minutes before your rinse your mouth.you should notice results as early as a couple of days from your first use.try it for yourself and see your smile change .
everyone wants to have a beautiful smile and to use it proudly.if you are ashamed of your teeth , then you will never exhibit the facial confidence needed to leave the best impression in everyone you meet.that ’s why most of us spend a lot of time going to our dentist and maintain our oral hygiene , so we can laugh freely and feel beautiful.one of the top reasons people are not comfortable while smiling is because they believe the hue of their teeth is not what most would considered clean and attractive.fortunately for you , we have just the right recipe and method to wipe that yellow color that our unhealthy lifestyles create and give your teeth a bright white and shiny feel , and the best thing about is that you will not have to spend insane amounts of money to prepare it , as the most important ingredients ( lemon and baking soda ) can be easily found around your house , or at the nearest store.if you are feeling skeptical , try this recipe for yourself and be amazed at how easily your smile can be changed.keep in mind though that you will have to go through each step to successfully achieve the effect.how to do the treatment : first of all , take one tablespoon of baking soda and pour it into any container . then , squeeze a lemon , add one tablespoon of juice to your baking soda , and stir well . use a napkin or a cotton pad to apply the mixture to your teeth , making sure you cover every tooth . leave the mixture to stay for about two minutes , and then rinse well with plain water . after you are all done , check your mirror and compare how much the hue has changed.caution : it is true that you can repeat this method , however , keep in mind that constant treatment will cause your tooth enamel to wear and it will damage your teeth . so , use wisely and only when really necessary .
when you want to maintain thick curly and frizzy hair with lots of splits you are dealing with lot of problems.this really embarrasses you at times especially if you are going for a party next day . it is better to treat it with natural ingredients and obtain a great result . here is a procedure of home hair spa which is completely prepared using the natural hair care ingredients.it has the same effect as the spa treatment in parlors . it is also easy and cost effective which can be prepared instantly with less difficulty.what do you need for the natural hair spa treatment a mixture of oils like castor , sesame , almond , coconut , and ghee for the oil treatment . a mixture of beetroot juice without dilution and a concentrated tea concoction for conditioning a nice hair mask prepared with bananas , egg , honey and milk . any mild shampoo with minimal chemicals in it.steps to conduct the hair spain every spa they use these steps of the treatment using various products and the same can be followed with natural ingredients . you can ask your mother , friend of partner to do this for you , while you relax taking this effective treatment . it can also be done by yourself , if you love to love yourself . step 1 : hot oil treatmentall the oils like castor oil , almond , sesame and coconut oil are heated together in order to mix them better . ghee is the most effective smoothing ingredient to keep the hair smooth and silky irrespective of which ever shampoo is being used . the mixture should be warm and not like boiling hot , as you may burn your scalp . the oil is applied using a cotton swab evenly onto the hair strands concentrating on the scalp and massaging . the oil should be applied from root to tip and allowed to sit for an hour at least . then you can wash all the oils with a mild shampoo . step 2 : hair conditioningyou should follow the hair conditioning when the hair is actually still wet . a grated beetroot is made to squeeze up in order to get the juice extract out of it . tea concoction is added to the beet juice and mixed well . hibiscus flower powder can be added as a base to hold it in the hair . this conditioner is extremely rich in iron , vitamin a and all major vitamin . the minerals from beetroot , also gives a beautiful maroon tinge and tea intensifies the color of hair and conditions it . rinse only with warm water , without shampoo after half an hour . step 3 : protein hair maskone or two ripe bananas depending on the length of the hair are taken . a quarter cup of milk , 3 table-spoons of honey and egg white from 2 eggs , are added and blended to get a fine paste . put them in a mixer grinder to get a fine paste . banana is rich in vitamins and is a great hair softener and treats damaged hair due to environmental conditions and good for splits ends to be rectified . milk semi straightens hair and provides protein , eggs as well have the same effect as milk while honey cleanses , deodorizes and conditions the hair.mayonnaise can be used if you do not like the eggy smell on you . the mask is applied all over the hair and covered with a shower cap . after half an hour the hair is rinsed and shampooed to get the oil out . the banana may require extra water to get it out . the hair should be then dried in natural sun/warmth . and the final result!following this procedure meticulously gives amazing results . the hair gets silky-smooth and does n’t get frizzy at all for 4 days even though it is not shampooed again . the ultimate output is the rich burgundy color that shines like a mirror and the shine remains for 7 days almost . though you have curls , the treatment makes them bouncy , in control and extremely soft to touch . the splits are less too . this mask is one of the best homemade masks that can be used .
ingredients : 1 tube ( 4 ounces ) refrigerated crescent rolls 1/4 pound jones no sugar pork sausage roll sausage or 4 pork sausage links , sliced 1/2 cup frozen shredded hash brown potatoes , thawed 2 tablespoons diced sweet red pepper 2 tablespoons diced green pepper 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese 2 eggs 2 tablespoons 2 % milk 1/8 teaspoon pepper 1 tablespoon shredded parmesan cheesedirections : separate crescent dough into four triangles ; arrange on an ungreased 7-1/2 - in . round pizza pan with points toward the center . press onto the bottom of pan , building up edges slightly . in a small skillet , cook sausage over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain . sprinkle over crust . top with potatoes , peppers and cheddar cheese . in a small bowl , whisk the eggs , milk and pepper . pour over pizza ; sprinkle with cheese . bake at 375 ° for 20-25 minutes or until eggs are completely set and top is golden brown . cut into slices.nutritional facts : 1/2 each : 524 calories , 29g fat ( 11g saturated fat ) , 57 mg cholesterol , 1297 mg sodium , 36g carbohydrate ( 7g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 29g protein.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 20 min .
during an episode of the goop podcast , gwyneth paltrow candidly opened up about her experience with something that hits close to home for a lot of women : postnatal depression , also commonly referred to as postpartum depression . " i think [ it ] was really shocking to me because i never thought that i would be a person who got postnatal depression , ” paltrow said.us weekly reported that paltrow and her mom , blythe danner , spoke in an episode titled , " gwyneth x blythe : on mothers and daughters , " about gwyneth 's two very different experiences after giving birth . “ i was so euphoric when apple was born , and i assumed it would happen with mosey and it just … it took a while . i really went into a dark place , " she continued . paltrow has two children apple , 13 , and moses , 12 , with her ex-husband , chris martin . the coldplay singer was the first to suggest that paltrow might be experiencing symptoms of postpartum depression which include a loss in pleasure of the things that you enjoy , racing thoughts , excessive irritability , and feeling guilty or worthless , among many others . “ i could n’t connect with my son the way that i had with my daughter and i could n’t understand why . i could n’t connect to anyone . i felt like a zombie . i felt very detached , ” paltrow said during an episode of lifetime ’s the conversation with amanda de cadenet in 2016 . according to the american psychology association , one in seven women experience postpartum depression . not all women experience the same kind of postnatal depression — in some cases , the symptoms are more severe , leading a woman to be hospitalized . paltrow said this was n't the case for her , and in 2015 , she told entertainment weekly she wished people could not feel ashamed . " it ’s a very debilitating thing , and i think there ’s so much shame around it and there should n’t be , " said paltrow — and she 's right about that .
ingredients : 3/4 cup chopped celery 1/2 cup chopped onion 2 tablespoons canola oil 1 cup soft bread crumbs 1 large egg , lightly beaten 2 tablespoons 2 % milk 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1 can ( 7-1/2 ounces ) salmon , drained , bones and skin removed dill sauce : 1/2 cup mayonnaise 1/4 cup sour cream 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 tablespoon 2 % milk 2 teaspoons snipped fresh dill 1/2 teaspoon sugar 1/8 teaspoon pepperdirections : in a small skillet , saute celery and onion in oil until tender . in a large bowl , combine the bread crumbs , egg , milk , salt , pepper and celery mixture . crumble salmon over mixture and mix well . transfer to a greased 5-3/4 x3x2-in . loaf pan . bake at 350 ° for 40-45 minutes or until a thermometer reads 160 ° . in a small bowl , combine the sauce ingredients . serve with salmon loaf.nutritional facts : 2 slices : 884 calories , 75g fat ( 14g saturated fat ) , 196 mg cholesterol , 1386 mg sodium , 21g carbohydrate ( 7g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 29g protein.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 40 min .
let 's face it . every star wars fan has wondered what it 'd be like to have their own droid buddy like r2-d2 and bb-8 rolling around with them . in 2015 , sphero helped us realized that dream with an app-controlled bb-8 droid that we immediately fell in love with . here 's what lance ulanoff had to say about the devices : as the sound of the robot and the star wars theme pumped urgently from the iphone i was using to drive bb-8 , i grinned like an idiot , becoming more and more convinced that i was playing with what could be one of the hottest toys of the holiday season . in 2017 , sphero upped their game with the classic r2-d2 and evil bb-9e droids . now amazon has all three of them on sale . each of these droids move authentically either on their own or with the sphero app via your smart device . they 're designed with movie detail and precision in mind and make the beeps and boops that are standard of any adorable star wars droid . you can code each one and tinker with various stem activities , and they all have the watch with me feature that lets them watch your favorite star wars movie with you and react to each scene . check out the star wars sphero droids that are on sale : image : spheroveteran star wars fans will definitely appreciate having r2-d2 at their side . the app-powered droid can run on three legs , but can also retract the third leg and waddle around — just like in star wars . buying a new model will run you up nearly $ 100 , but you can get a refurbished model on sale for $ 69.99 . besides , r2-d2 was a refurbished droid in the movies too , so it 's only fitting . image : spherobb-8 — $ 99.95 image : spherothe adorable new droid introduced in the last jedi is even cuter as a tiny bot that you can control yourself . save $ 30 and channel your inner rey any time you want . image : spherobb-9e — $ 94 image : spheroshow off your dark side with the cutest of the evil droids . it also works with a droid trainer that lets you explore the first order 's star destroyer , and is on sale for $ 36 off . image : sphero
looking a little different from the crowd can be tough , even for a canine . one fearless instagram dog is challenging the norms of dog beauty everywhere — and has an inspiring tale to go along with his uniquely adorable face . meet beaux tox ( say it out loud for the full effect ) . his face looks a little funny due to a facial deformity that resulted from his mom 's overcrowded womb . but he 's a lovable doggo who , according to people , has become , " the local face of animal advocacy and pet adoption . " per people , his breeder saw no value in him and gave him away to a new owner who kept him in the backyard with no company . it was five years before beaux found his current owner , jamie hult , who saw his picture on facebook and knew he was the one . beaux was suffering from heartworms , along with a host of other medical problems , and was given a 50 percent chance at survival . beaux 's spokesperson and close friend , traci fraiser told people that the pup , “ slowly ... put on weight and fought back to where he could undergo heartworm treatment . despite suffering hearing loss in his left ear due to mites and difficulty seeing with his right eye , beaux eventually won a clean bill of health . ” nowadays , beaux is living life to the fullest and his adventures are chronicled on his instagram and facebook pages . he enjoys running outside and wearing ties . his adorable face shines through on all the pictures . beaux 's owner hopes that beaux will become the face of heartworm prevention and treatment . fraiser told people that the dog has been " so overwhelmed with requests for more information and interviews " and that he " insists " on spreading the word about his pet causes . " he loves to use his influence to help transform the lives of needy and hurting animals everywhere , ” fraiser said to people . beaux 's owners have also set up a gofundme page to raise money for shelter animals . not only does this doggo have a good face , he has a good heart .
ingredients : 1 boneless pork sirloin roast ( 2-1/2 pounds ) 1-1/2 teaspoons canola oil 3/4 cup white wine or chicken broth 2 tablespoons brown sugar 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce 1 teaspoon minced fresh gingerroot 1 garlic clove , minced 1/2 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules 4-1/2 teaspoons cornstarch 4-1/2 teaspoons cold waterdirections : in a dutch oven , brown roast in oil on all sides . in a small bowl , combine wine , brown sugar , soy sauce , ginger , garlic and bouillon ; pour over roast . bring to a boil . reduce heat to low ; cover and cook for 45-60 minutes or until pork is tender , basting occasionally with pan juices . remove roast to a serving platter ; keep warm . pour drippings and loosened browned bits into a 2-cup measuring cup ; skim fat . add enough water to measure 1-1/2 cups . return to pan . combine cornstarch and water until smooth ; gradually stir into pan . bring to a boil ; cook and stir 1-2 minutes or until thickened . serve with roast.nutritional facts : 4 ounce-weight : 241 calories , 9g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 85 mg cholesterol , 262 mg sodium , 5g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 29g protein . diabetic exchanges : 4 lean meat.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . cook : 50 min .
best and worst performing strategies get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . distressed debt +2.89 % ytd + us $ 0.61 billion aum ytd distressed debt continued to be the best performing strategy on a year-to-date basis as corporate debt exposure to oil and puerto rican debt contributed to gains for some managers in march . cta/managed futures -1.80 % ytd - us $ 13.52 billion aum ytd the significant losses incurred by cta/managed futures fund managers in february completely depleted the gains they made in january , and left their year-on-year aum growth deep in the red . among regional cta/managed futures focused strategies , asian cta/managed futures hedge fund managers generated the best returns in q1 2018 , up 2.32 % the north american hedge fund industry accounts for 66.6 % of the total hedge fund assets as of march 2018 . global hedge fund fees climbed to three year highs year performance fees ( % ) management fees ( % ) 2015 14.27 1.28 2016 15.56 1.31 2017 15.64 1.24 2018 15.76 1.36 article by eurekahedge
the 3rd annual robotart competition is currently underway . dozens of physical paintings , created by machines , will be judged by professional art critics and the public at-large to determine which team of developers will walk away with the top prize . what it is : robotart is the passion project of founder andrew conru . the competition runs each year and solicits roboticists and machine learning developers to create physical robot systems capable of painting with brushes and ink . over the years , developers have used various different systems ranging from neural networks that operate robot arms , to software that translates human brush strokes in real-time to a robot which then attempts to imitate them . each submission is accompanied by a video showing the robot painting its art . what ’s happening : entries for this year are closed , but the public can vote for the winners until may 11 . the winners will be chosen by a measure of 60 percent professional judges ’ votes and 40 percent general public . the official winners will be announced on may 14 . if you ’d like to participate in the voting go to the robotart website and register with your facebook account . unfortunately if you ’ve decided to #deletefacebook you wo n’t be able to vote . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
a research show kids who are used to shouting orders at alexa , google assistant or other virtual assistants might become aggressive when they interact with other humans . 2018/04/27 seattle , washington — amazon has developed a new version of alexa — its ai-powered voice assistant — to encourage children to say ' please ' and ' thank you ' when giving a command . based on a research done by childwise , kids who are used to shouting orders at alexa , google assistant or other virtual assistants might become aggressive when they interact with other humans.the research team said the kids they talked to said they never say " please " or " thank you " when talking to their devices.the new feature encourages kids to say " please " and " thank you " , this will prompt alexa to reply with various responses like " thank you for asking so nicely " or " you 're welcome " . the free version of the freetime service offers functions like set bedtime hours , switching off certain services like voice-purchasing , and block songs with explicit lyrics.if you 're willing to pay $ 2.99 per month , you will have more functions like alarms with the voices of well-known cartoon characters , access to a huge selection of child-focused audio books , and exclusive use of software from disney and national geographic.alexa 's voice-recognition software has also been updated to react to children 's high-pitched voice , and it will be able to respond to " awexa " for kids who ca n't yet pronounce the letter l.the politeness feature is only available for echo dot owners that have the freetime function enabled . however , amazon said they will evaluate and see if it 's something people want to have on the main alexa experience .
variety has some news that will make your friday . after unofficially splitting in 1982 , abba , the dynamic , peak '70s quad , is getting back together — and releasing two new songs . and somehow , american idol mogul simon fuller is involved with all this . in 2016 , it was announced that fuller was working on a virtual abba experience — that is , hyper-realistic digital humans based on the group from the '70s . or , uh , holograms . abba — agnetha fältskog , björn ulvaeus , benny andersson , and anni-frid lyngstad — was on board . " we ’re inspired by the limitless possibilities of what the future holds and are loving being a part of creating something new and dramatic here — a time machine that captures the essence of who we were . and are , ” andersson said at the time . it turned out , working on the project got the group feeling all the feelings . " the decision to go ahead with the exciting abba avatar tour project had an unexpected consequence . we all four felt that , after some 35 years , it could be fun to join forces again and go into the recording studio . so we did , " the band said in a statement . " and it was like time had stood still and that we only had been away on a short holiday . we may have come of age , but the song is new . and it feels good . " today , we 're one step closer to dancing with avatar abba . the group will debut the song “ i still have faith in you , ” in december on abc and nbc . details are still outstanding on the second song ; a virtual reality tour — whatever that means — will begin in 2019 . in 2016 , abba appeared onstage together in stockholm at a party for mamma mia , the musical based on their oeuvre .
concert holograms are generally a bad idea . but abba has big , cool plans for a hologram-fronted tour , and excitement around that bizarre idea has convinced the flesh-and-blood band to reunite . the swedish band made the surprising reunion instagram-official on friday . after more than three decades apart , the four members teamed back up to record some new music together . " the decision to go ahead with the exciting abba avatar tour project had an unexpected consequence , " the post reads . " we all four felt that , after some 35 years , it could be fun to join forces again and go into the recording studio . " the reformed band 's time together resulted in two new recordings , one of which — called " i still have faith in you " — will air on tv , via nbc and the bbc , in december . the tv special sounds like some kind of preview for the avatar tour , which is expected to kick off in 2019 or 2020 . flesh-and-blood abba wo n't be performing the new tune live ; we 'll hear it via their virtual selves . the instagram post ends on a positive note : " we may have come of age , but the song is new . and it feels good . "
in principle , food for a picnic can not be cooked at all : slightly marinated meat and fish , grabbed lavash , greens , vegetables along the road - and drove off . all weather will make sauces , for example , these 8 sauces for a picnic.sauce from currant , thyme and mustard to fried lambcurrant sauce is an english condiment , usually consisting of currants , sugar and rosemary . however , there are many variations of this sauce , which include white or red wines , mustard , orange or lemon zest , shallots . this sauce is especially well combined with fried lamb , goose or turkey.adjika from green hot pepper , garlic , herbs to a steakabkhazia adzhika is an acute , spicy paste , used as a seasoning , as well as for flavoring meat and fish dishes . classic adzhika is made from hot pepper with the addition of garlic , herbs and spices . there are several types of such seasoning . in this recipe , we will tell you how to prepare a green adzhika . made from spicy green peppers , it is especially spicy and stinging . the seasoning perfectly complements any meat dish , whether it 's fried steak or shish kebab.cheese sauce from blue cheese and natural yogurt to grilled vegetablescheese sauce is probably one of the most popular . and they eat everything with him - from corn chips to fresh vegetables . counters of shops are stuffed with cheese sauces of different manufacturers , but why take a purchase , when you can make your own , home . it will also be useful , as it is prepared on the basis of natural yogurt . and you can pick any cheese to it , the main thing is that it has a bright taste.sauce from almonds , white bread and milk to grilled fishtry to serve with almond sauce habitual dishes from meat or fish and they will play with new colors . quite limited in use , almond sauce will pleasantly surprise you . make it simple and it will become a real wand-zhchychalochkoy when you need to come up with something interesting on the table , and there is no time for long culinary experiments.green chilli , ginger , cilantro and coconut milk sauce for marinating chicken , pork and shrimpginger in our days is a popular seasoning , and its combination with green chili creates a universal seasoning . hot sauce with ginger is an excellent addition to fish , meat and vegetable dishes , to poultry , rice and pasta . also this sauce will be an excellent dressing for salads . it can be used as a marinade for chicken , pork or seafood . in general , the sphere of application of an acute sauce with ginger is limited only by your imagination.sauce from onion , apple , garlic , meat broth and shish kebab from offal or grilled sausageshomeland of onion sauce is france . there are many recipes for onion sauce and before you one of them . onion sauce can be used in addition to dishes from potatoes and peas , to meat dishes from pork , rabbit , lamb . also , it is perfect for dishes from the liver.pasta from olives , dried tomatoes , garlic and rosemary for pork on a grilltapenade is a provencal dish , traditionally consisting of grated or finely chopped olives , capers , anchovies and olive oil . this popular food in the south of france is often served as a spread on bread . sometimes tapenade is also used as stuffing for stuffing a bird . tomato tapenad in its composition is much simpler , all the ingredients for it can be found on the shelves of the nearest supermarket . tomato tapenade can be served instead of ketchup for meat dishes or used as a pizza sauce.sauce from cream cheese , honey and orange jam to grilled fruits and toastany fruit or berry dish will become even more delicious if you submit to it a sweet creamy sauce . our fruit sauce will be an excellent dressing for fruit salad , as well as an excellent addition to berry mousses . if you are going to cook soufflé , casserole or pudding , this sauce will not be superfluous , it will give your dishes a gentle creamy note . and it is perfectly combined with wheat bread .
when it comes to replying fans , the harry potter series author j.k. rowling is one of the most active celebrities on social media . especially on twitter.she 's loved as a writer so much , that every day her inbox is filled with thousands of texts from fans and followers around the world . the lucky ones get her attention , which happens quite often . watching a 12-year-old write that well is certainly an awe-inspiring moment for all of us . if you think the letter is adorable , then j.k. rowling 's reply would blow your mind . no doubt why she is one of the most loved authors internationally . j.k. rowling comes from a very humble background , and she knows how much it could mean for someone to get a reply from an author of such a stature . especially , when that someone is a 12-year-old kid . j k , you inspire . every . damn . time .
screens are all around us and are immensely useful in conveying information – but they can overwhelm us and take up more of our attention than we can afford . that ’s why mit media lab researcher udayan umapathi began work on a calm interface that had a closer connection to the physical elements around us – using water . together with his colleagues – which include engineers and interaction designers – umapathi created a project for his graduate thesis work called programmable droplets . the idea is to precisely control droplets of water , moving them along tracks , and merging and morphing them . have a look in the clip below : this is made possible through a technique called electrowetting , which allows for manipulating dielectric materials like water with electric fields . umapathi explained that he first worked out the physics for programming sand particles when he took professor neil gernshenfeld ’s class on the “ physics of information technology , ” and that their discussions led to the idea that the derivations would apply to water as well . how would you use these programmable droplets ? umapathi , who describes himself as an experimental physicist , explains that there ’s plenty of scope for inventive art installations that take advantage of the physical properties of water ( such as wetting other materials , bending light , and trapping tiny objects ) : we are working towards the goal of using our system to create kinetic installations where we can choreograph the motion of hundreds or even thousands of droplets . imagine a thousand water droplets dancing together , would n’t that be mesmerizing ? i have plans for collaborating with artists and magicians in creating installations and illusions . through these installations , we want to not only convey metaphorical meanings , but also trigger a sense of beauty and marvel in the viewer . water droplets can can carry biological and chemical matter . so if you can programmatically control them , you can execute chemical and biological experiments through a piece of code , without touching any manual tools . our work finds many applications in life sciences , particularly in biotechnology . umapathi is also keen on creating interactive models for people to play with : if you ’ve watched director guillermo del toro ’s recent fantasy film , the shape of water , you ’ll remember that there ’s a beautiful scene in which eliza controls droplets on a window pane with her fingers . we want to develop the technology to a level where we can this can become a reality to create this kind of wonder and fantasy . beyond that , he explains , the group is also developing “ various applications in biology to enable use cases which are otherwise impossible in the synthetic biology and drug discovery space . ” i , for one , ca n’t wait to see water become more commonplace in modern interfaces around us.the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
the swords of ditto video review at a time where video games seem to be on the upswing of maturity , tackling sociological issues , familial matters , mental illness , and so much more , it can be difficult to find a game that sits so neatly between being family friendly and being too childish . any outing involving the iconic plumber has always been the safest bet for multiplayer games , but what about for those of us who just want a bit of wholesome fun ? the swords of ditto is an adorable and fantastic medium , including challenge , intrigue , heroism , toys , stickers , and that saturday morning cartoon nostalgia all rolled into one . 11bitbeyond created a game so enjoyable and whimsical it becomes hard to put down . do n’t believe us ? check out the video review below . the swords of ditto is a compact rpg inspired heavily by classics like the legend of zelda : a link to the past . waking up as the destined hero of legend , players will take their procedurally generated character through dungeons , puzzles , and colorful forests to collect the toys of legend and break the anchors binding the evil mormo to this world . should you defeat mormo , the island of ditto will remain safe for 100 years . should you fall at any point , mormo will go unopposed for another century and plunge the world into darkness until the fight happens again . the swords of ditto is out now on pc and playstation 4 . for more information , check out the game ’s official website , and be sure to read out top 10 tips guide for the swords of ditto here . the post the swords of ditto video review – charm , challenge , and chivalry appeared first on cogconnected .
what 's a bmw 2002 ? it 's the sportiest of bmw 's new class sedans from the sixties , the compact rear-wheel drive two-door that made bmw what it is today . as a drivers ' car , you might think of the 2002 as a lighter , smaller , more fragile version of an e30 3-series . but , 2002s need some work before you can treat them like a more modern 3-series . fact is , a bmw from the 1960s , or even the 1970s , will rust as eagerly as a contemporary fiat or british leyland product . today , 2002s are harder to come by than either of the first two generations of 3-series , which means finding a good one can be an expensive , time-consuming process.and once you get a 2002 , the next step is customizing it . because an '02 deserves a peppier engine , mild suspension upgrades , and personal touches to make it feel like it 's yours . and maybe even a half-cage , just to make your mom feel at ease.seriously , i ca n't remember ever seeing a completely stock 2002 outside of a museum . and as lisa 's keeper featured in the petrolicious video below proves , it would be hard to locate one in california too ...
the only guarantee is new super smash bros gameplay nintendo has revealed their schedule for e3 2018 , granting fans everywhere the times to tune in . as promised , there will be a super smash bros tournament alongside their usual proceedings . like before , there will be a major video presentation in which nintendo showcases all of their upcoming games and content . this will begin on june 12 at 9 am pt . you can tune it via e3.nintendo.com . since they promised that we ’ll be getting another looking at smash bros , they ’re likely to reveal new gameplay . immediately after the video presentation , we shall witness three days of nintendo treehouse . fans everywhere can tune in for nintendo switch gameplay alongside nintendo treehouse members and game developers . nintendo ’s video presentation will only be preceded by the splatoon 2 world championship , which begins on june 11 at 3:30 pm . check back for updates pertaining to the special event and nintendo , and comment down below your speculation on what the gaming giant shall reveal . source
last weekend , a 29-year-old man opened fire at a waffle house in tennessee , killing four people and injuring four others . the restaurant reopened wednesday , and officials from the breakfast chain promised to donate 100 percent of sales made at the antioch location in the next month to the victims and their families . nashville 's newschannel 5 was outside the restaurant as it reopened , and spoke to chuck cordero , who was standing outside the waffle house late sunday night as travis reinking — who was arrested monday on four counts of criminal homicide — opened fire . " these were the kind of people you wanted in this world moving forward , all smart , all going places , " cordero said of the victims , which included his friend , taurean sanderlin . " it ’s a tragedy , it really is . " sanderlin , 29 , was the only waffle house employee killed that night . the three other victims were customers : akilah dasilva , 23 , deebony groves , 21 , and joe perez , 20 , ap reports.according to the ap , waffle house spokesman pat warner confirmed that sales made in the next 30 days will be given to the families of the four who were killed and to the two who remain hospitalized . store managers told newschannel 5 that they plan on visiting the families of the victims , and are accepting donations in the antioch store to add to the fund .
shadow of the tomb raider will show the darker side of lara croft through gameplay and narrative the year 2013 saw the tomb raider franchise gain the reboot and origin story it deserved . a reimagined lara croft was born , and her moral dilemma was established through her primal effort to survive . however , following the official reveal of shadow of the tomb raider , and my hands-on time with the demo , it ’s clear that the newest lara is an eclipse of the first . the curious and guileless student is gone , left stranded on the island of yamatai ; afterward , the judicious investigator left herself in a tomb in siberia . lara is now unhinged . cold and calculating , the young and adventurous croft is still young but a little more brutal . this drives not only her actions but the combat of the next iteration . square enix and crystal dynamics , for the most part , rebuilt the franchise by using cinematic scaffolding and brilliant rendering . basically , theatrical scenes and fast-paced escapes have become a part of the formula , and it would explain why eidos montreal has n’t switched support beams . tomb raider ’s theater is still present in the next game ’s narrative , something i witnessed as i waded through an intense , visceral scene of destruction in south america . so , aside from the return of key destruction and high-octane action sequences , what is the new developer bringing to the table ? swimming , for starters . lara has been taking swimming lessons , and she utilizes her new talent to reach areas that would otherwise be inaccessible . also , some puzzles are going to be submerged this time around . it ’s how the devs justify the return of a mechanic we witnessed from the original tomb raider games . what else can lara croft do ? in addition to her usual dexterity , climbing now comes with the ability to rappel down terrain . though the game has definitely broadened its scope in terms of what the player can do , tomb raider is more comparable to uncharted than it ever was . not a bad thing , considering how accessible the former feels , and that ’s no grief to the new lara . there are simply more ways to get around , thanks to the addition of rope . a curious new instrument , however , has been added to lara croft ’s personal arsenal . simple as it may be , it serves as a suitable reflection of her unhinged character . the instrument i speak of is a dagger . stabby stab . not only has the ip ’s stealth gameplay been improved , thanks to the inclusion of a new environmental blend mechanic , but the blade supplements the guerilla persona that has seemingly taken over our raider of tombs . lara croft is rambo if rambo held a ph.d. in archaeology and was far , far , far , far more beautiful . you ’ll even notice more definition in her physique , which is more imposing than we ’ve seen previously ( probably from all those swimming lessons ) . and as one developer explained , shadow of the tomb raider is the culmination of lara croft ’s origin story , where she crosses from the scholarly side of the spectrum to become a shadow warrior , to become the definitive “ tomb raider . ” i ’m paraphrasing , of course . the game ’s key art is nothing less than a reflection of lara ’s transcendence . some other key points i learned from my time playing the shadow of the tomb raider demo and from speaking to developers – elaborating on the blending mechanic i mentioned earlier , lara can now make herself invisible by clinging to walls of shrubbery . there will be more underground and underwater tombs , and they will be dark , which suits the game ’s theme of descent . furthermore , lara will have access to traps she can use to ensnare and dispatch enemies . on that note , according to the game ’s narrative director , lara croft will be waging a war through “ fear . ” sounds vague , i know , but there will be new game mechanics that make for bloodier — possibly more horrific — outcomes than previous games .
if the idea of spending your entire summer stuck in a boring office watching people hang out in the warm weather without you sounds really crappy , there 's a new opportunity that might change your mind . the points guy , brian kelly , who also runs the instagram the points pups , is hiring a summer associate . listed as a " barketing associate , " the company is looking for someone to help with social media and marketing for the site , which focuses on how best to travel with pets . the biggest requirement is that you have to love dogs ( obviously ) , and you have to be able to work with three doggos in particular — miles , hootie and swisher . " pet travel is gaining so much momentum and we really want to bring awareness to how to do it right , " a company spokesperson told teen vogue . " we ’re so excited for the social media intern to not only bond with our adorable office mascots and create amazing social media content , but to help our editorial team build out a pet travel report that will dive deep into requirements and improvements needed in this growing travel space . " this sounds , simply put , like the greatest internship in the world . and ! the best part is that the gig pays well . the summer intern will make $ 20 an hour and the hours can range from 25-40 per week . " some days might be ruff , but trust us , this will be the greatest internship ever , " the description reads . " we want you to be the leader of our pack ! " brb , updating my resume asap .
if you 're maintaining a low-carb diet , there is no food more magical than spaghetti squash . it ’s like it was invented for bikini season , because someone knew how important pasta is to us . it ’s super easy to make and there are so many ways to cook with it.to start , cut your squash in half lengthwise . this is definitely the hardest part of making spaghetti squash , but with a sharp chef ’s knife and some determination you ’ll do just fine . once it ’s split , use a spoon to remove the seeds . ( spread those seeds out on a baking sheet and roast with some salt and chili powder for a delicious crunchy snack ! ) then drizzle the cut sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper . flip the squash cut side down on a baking sheet and pop it in a 400 ° f oven for 40 minutes to an hour , depending on the size of your squash . if 40 minutes have passed , and you ’re not sure if the squash is ready , pull it out of the oven and drag the tines of a fork on the cut side . if spaghetti-like strands easily release from the skin , it ’s ready ! if not , pop it back in the oven and check it every 5 to 10 minutes . over-roasting can lead to soggier “ spaghetti ” so it ’s best to keep a close eye on the squash . when it ’s ready , let it cool slightly before shredding , and enjoy . though it ’s great by itself or with a little parm , we ’ve got some recipes that will put regular old pasta to shame.jon boulton jon boulton ethan calabrese
as the earth gets warmer , the polar ice caps melt and sea levels rise . the more sea levels rise , the more people in low-lying coastal areas are threatened . a new study funded by the u.s. military finds that more than a thousand low-lying islands and atolls across the world will be rendered uninhabitable by mid-century due to rising seas , threatening hundreds of thousands of people as well as key military assets.the u.s. military has long funded research into the impacts of climate change , primarily as it relates to strategic interests at home and abroad . for instance , earlier this year the pentagon released a report finding that climate change threatened over half of all military bases.the more recent study examines the effect of sea level rise on island water supplies , and the researchers found that sources of drinking water on many of these islands — such as groundwater or reservoirs — could become contaminated with seawater if the oceans rise by as little as 15 inches.in even the best-case scenarios for sea level rise , we ’re likely to see that extra 15 inches well before the end of the century , and possibly as soon as next decade . the highest probability scenarios place the event sometime in the 2040s or 2050s , which is further off but still a matter of just 30 years or so . crucially , islands like the maldives and marshalls will become uninhabitable even if sea levels rise according to the most optimistic roadmaps outlined in plans like the paris agreement , which seeks to limit warming to below 2 ℃ by reducing carbon emissions . even if that plan is successful , many hundreds of islands will become uninhabitable , and hundreds of thousands of people will become climate refugees.the changing climate also impacts u.s. military installations based on islands in the pacific . for instance , the ronald reagan ballistic missile defense test site sits on several atolls in the marshall islands , and it might need to be shut down or relocated in the next few decades as sea levels rise.unlike many climate change forecasts , there may be nothing we can do to avert this . even in the most optimistic of cases , enough warming will occur by the end of the century to trigger that 15 inches of sea level rise . the question is n’t whether this will happen , but when . hopefully we can delay the inevitable long enough to minimize the impact of displacing so many people .
look , just because you 're a famous multimillionaire who 's divorced from the worst american president in history does n't mean your favorite restaurant ca n't be a food cart . take ivana trump , for instance , who apparently looves " street meat , " the various pieces of meat one can purchase on any given avenue in new york city . page six reported that the fur coat-wearing ex-wife of one donald trump regularly eats at a food cart on 64th and madison , which has been there for more than 30 years . a source said , " i see her all the time . it 's her favorite restaurant . " while she 's also known to be a regular at a pricey madison avenue restaurant called nello , it seems that this far less bougie cart is her other go-to . an upper east side resident told page six that they regularly see ivana at the street vendor , who sells shish kebabs , gyros , and italian sausage . but what does the one and only ivana usually purchase ? according to the locals , she typically goes for a hot dog or a sausage.is it as fancy as the meals her daughter ivanka might be having at the white house ? of course not . but , be honest , which would you choose ?
the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission voted to begin drafting new rules for anglers who target shark from shorelines . the new regulations could include new restrictions to limit the practice , like banning shark fishing from public beaches and piers , prohibiting certain tackle that can be used to target the fish and issuing of permits for those who wish to target sharks.proponents of the new regulations claim that shark fishing draws the predators into increased contact with swimmers . that argument has not shown to be valid.marine fisheries management director jessica mccawley , told the commission “ there is no credible evidence that fishing increases the likelihood of a shark bite occurring in nearby waters . ” another argument for banning shark fishing is that the practice harms shark populations . the commission admitted during the meetings that there have been no credible studies to support the claim.after prospective rules have been drafted , the fwc will seek public input before voting on a final draft .
the management of facebook 's whatsapp messenger made adjustments to the terms of service provision by introducing age limits for users from the european union . as it happens , henceforth eu residents can use whatsapp only from the age of 16 . note that at the end of may , the new regulation on the protection of personal data of the gdpr ( general data privacy regulations ) will enter into force in the european union . companies will need to establish consumer-oriented settings for the protection of personal data . in particular , users will have the right to completely delete personal information , and for the use of these persons under 16 years , permission from parents or guardians will be required . for violations , companies face large fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 % of annual turnover - depending on the severity of the violation.to comply with the new standards , whatsapp will ask european users to confirm that they already have 16 years . in this case , if the user does not have 16 , an adult can vouch for him.in the messenger add that users outside the eu can use whatsapp , as before , with 13 years , if it does not violate the laws of the local country.interestingly , similar changes also occurred in the policy of facebook . " facebook users aged 13 to 15 years which living in the eu countries , the social network will ask parents or guardians who can consent to the processing of personal data , " deutsche welle writes with reference to reuters.how whatsapp and facebook will check the real age of users remains unclear .
the day always comes when a meme goes further than we ever wanted and , well , here we are ladies and gentleman . mason ramsey , fondly referred to as the walmart yodel boy , has surfed the viral wave for the past few weeks . it ’s landed him a spot at coachella , a record deal with atlantic records , and as of last night , a debut single , “ famous . ” it 's a fun and simple track , and a delightful rumination on young love from the 11-year-old . on " famous , " ramsey sheds his hank williams jr.-inspired yodels for something more likely to be heard on the radio . on the track he insists that he ’s over this fame thing — but that does n’t mean his fans are over keeping up with him . stans of the walmart yodel boy hopped onto the platform that made him famous to share their thoughts on his major label debut . you can catch watch him perform the track on ellen below .
if being married is good for health , can we say the same of cohabitation ? unfortunately , the answer seems to be no . jamila bookwala , a gerontologist who studies health , marriage , and aging at lafayette university , says that there 's a fundamental difference between marriage and cohabitation . " the benefits of marriage do n't seem to translate to cohabitation , " bookwala says . " people who cohabitate do not enjoy the same health benefits that come with marriage . so we have to ask , what is it about the marital union that brings these benefits ? the answer is still unclear . " part of the explanation may lie in differences in the quality of the relationships of marrieds vs. cohabiters . relationship quality is generally higher among married people than among cohabitors , sassler tells us -- " and marital relationships are more enduring than cohabitations . " both of these factors could explain the difference between marriage and cohabitating when it comes to health and mental health benefits.of course , marriage is not a free pass to good health . the quality of a marriage has a lot to with the health benefits the relationship may bring . for example , if a person 's spouse is highly critical , that person is likely to suffer from more chronic illnesses , report more symptoms of poor health , and have more physical disabilities than those whose spouses are more positive . " it 's the negative traits in one 's spouse that really affect a person 's physical health , " bookwala says . " on the flip-side is mental health . a close marriage is great for mental health . "
ingredients : 1 pound fresh brussels sprouts ( about 5-1/2 cups ) 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 small onion , finely chopped 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot 1 garlic clove , minced 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons water 1/4 teaspoon pepperdirections : trim brussels sprouts . cut sprouts lengthwise in half ; cut crosswise into thin slices . place a large skillet over medium-high heat . add brussels sprouts ; cook and stir 2-3 minutes or until sprouts begin to brown lightly . add oil and toss to coat . stir in onion , ginger , garlic and salt . add water ; reduce heat to medium and cook , covered , 1-2 minutes or until vegetables are tender . stir in pepper.tips : molasses-sriracha variation : add 1 tbsp . molasses and 2 tsp . sriracha to the water and cook as directed.sesame-ginger variation : substitute toasted sesame oil for the olive oil and proceed as directed . sprinkle 1 tbsp . toasted sesame seeds over cooked sprouts before serving.cranberry-pecan variation : add 1/4 cup dried cranberries with the onion and ginger . cook as directed ; sprinkle with 2 tbsp . chopped toasted pecans before serving.curry variation : add 1 tsp . curry powder with the onion and ginger ; cook as directed.nutritional facts : 3/4 cup : 56 calories , 2g fat ( 0 saturated fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 214 mg sodium , 8g carbohydrate ( 2g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 2g protein . diabetic exchanges : 1 vegetable , 1/2 fat.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 25 min .
if you 've ever bickered with your spouse or partner over money , you ’re not alone . previous studies have shown that financial concerns are among the most common sources of disagreement for couples . and according to the 2014 apa stress in america survey1 , almost a third of adults with partners ( 31 percent ) reported that money is a major source of conflict in their relationship.other recent research backs those survey findings . compared to other touchy topics , couples ’ arguments about money tend to be more intense , more problematic and more likely to remain unresolved .2 but money does n't have to be a wedge in your relationship . with practice , you and your partner can learn to talk about finances in a healthier , more satisfying way.differing beliefsthe old idea that opposites attract may have some basis in reality . we are often drawn to a partner whose personality and style complements our own . but differing beliefs about money can be a recipe for conflict.we develop beliefs about money long before we comingle our finances with a romantic partner . research shows we inherit attitudes , values and beliefs about money from our parents and other family members .3 we may not even be fully conscious of our beliefs about spending and saving.early on in a relationship , many couples discuss their views on marriage , children and where they want to work and live . unfortunately , couples rarely sit down together to talk about their financial beliefs and goals.but the good news : it ’s never too late to have that conversation . whether you ’ve been in a relationship 10 weeks or 10 years , talking about your money history is a first step to getting on the same page about your finances . some things to discuss : what did your parents teach you about money?what are your financial goals?what are your fears about money?having an understanding of your partner ’s beliefs can help you avoid conflict and set the stage for healthy discussions about your joint finances.be a teamwhen it comes to financial responsibilities , couples do n’t always work as a team . only 33 percent of stress in america survey respondents said both partners share an equal role in financial decision-making . similarly , only 23 percent reported that management of household finances is shared equally.couples often divide duties , and financial duties are no exception . one partner might handle day-to-day household spending , while the other focuses on long-term savings and investing . but those roles are naturally at odds with one another . such a division of labor is often a source of conflict , experts say.to avoid the disharmony of conflicting money roles , some couples trade the jobs back and forth . one month you might handle household spending and your partner might focus on savings and investment . the next month , you can swap jobs.another good option is to share roles equally . set up a regular day and time each month to sit down , pay the bills , discuss your expenses and review your savings plans . try to schedule something fun for after the meeting ; if you know you ’ll be going to the movies or on a bike ride afterwards , your money date will feel less like a chore.as you and your partner discuss your household finances , avoid using the word “ budget . ” some people have negative associations with this word which may set up a feeling of deprivation . instead , think in terms of developing a spending plan . deciding together what goals you want to save for and what goods and services you want to spend your money on can make for a much more satisfying conversation.if your financial discussions become heated , take a time out and revisit them later . when it comes to money , you and your spouse may not always see eye to eye . but with good communication and an understanding of each other ’s beliefs and values , you can work together to realize your shared financial goals.seek professional help it ’s not unusual for couples to find themselves having the same argument again and again , especially when it comes to spending and saving . psychologists are experts in helping people change their behaviors and break out of unhealthy patterns . many psychologists specialize in relationships and marital issues . they can help you and your partner learn healthy ways of communicating . if you ’d like help strengthening your relationship , use the apa ’s psychologist locator service to find a psychologist in your area .
we woke up on friday , april 27 2018 that telecommunications giants , mtn have plans of rolling out mobile money atms . these machines , if introduced could take deposits and dispense cash for its mobile money business . according to reports , the plan is to ensure that customers find it easy to withdraw and deposit cash just like bank atms . many agents were reported to be worried about the new development . according to them , this could put them out of business . however , an alleged response from the bank of ghana ( bog ) suggests that people should not be worried about losing their jobs – at least , not yet . according to joybusiness , mtn had to suspend the move , even on a pilot basis . this is because they have not secured the necessary regulatory approvals . sources say even though the regulator is willing to approve the service , it wants to be carried out in a way that would not result in mtn operating as a fully fledged bank . aside that , the regulators are concerned about the number of people who will lose their jobs because of the development as mobile money employs more than 150,000 persons at the moment . lastly , the payment and settlement bill , which will seek to address issues like this , is yet to receive parliamentary approval . therefore , it is likely that it might take a while before mtn can introduce the full service to aid its mobile money business . so if you are concerned about the introduction of mtn mobile money atms , do n’t worry yet . it may take a while to come to fruition . worth sharing ?
reddit pulled through for this couple just trying to get married . dan and gill mccauley decided to get married in new york city hall . the couple , originally from the uk , told nbc new york they decided on a small ceremony " just for us . " after booking a date at the new york city marriage bureau , they realized they were missing a witness . under new york law , a marriage is only valid if there 's a witness present while exchanging vows . an ocean away from their hometown in liverpool , the mccauleys did n't know anyone in the city who could be a witness , so they turned to reddit . dan posted in a subreddit for new york city locals , but did n't expect anyone to actually step up . they were overwhelmed with responses . some offered advice . and some were skeptical . a redditor named michael robinson offered to not only be their witness , but also be their photographer — for free . “ he just seemed like a really , really nice guy , " dan told nbc new york . they met at the courthouse tuesday for the wedding . michael , who 's also from the uk , is pursuing a career as a professional photographer . after the ceremony , dan , gill , and mike headed out for a drink together . mike told nbc that " when used for good , reddit can be really good . "
ingredientspork , neck part - 1 kg ; potatoes - 5-6 pieces ; onion turnip yellow - 2 onions ; pepper black and red - to taste ; vegetable oil - 2 tbsp.salt - to taste ; sugar sand - 2 tbsp . spoons ; vinegar - 1 tbsp . a spoon ; cheese - 150 grams.cooking method1 . bulbs cut into large semirings2 . in a small pot , pour 500 ml of water and bring to a boil . i remove from the fire , i fall asleep in boiling water 1 tbsp . spoon of salt , 2 tbsp . spoons sah . sand , i dissolve salt and sugar completely and i pour in 1 tbsp . spoon of vinegar . leave to marinate for 30 minutes .3 . potatoes i cut with rings up to 1 cm thick . salt in a container to taste .4 . cut the meat into slices with a thickness of 1.5 - 2 cm5 . we prepare marinade for meat : 2 tbsp . tablespoons vegetable oil , 2 tsp . salt , 1 tsp . mix 5 peppers , mix or whisk .6 . ready marinade pour into meat and mix 2-3 minutes with your hands .7 . in a baking sheet i spread layers of onion , meat , potatoes .8 . i tightly cover the baking tray with foil and send it to the preheated oven for 60 minutes at 200 degrees .9 . then i brown for 10-15 minutes at 220 degrees .10 . i sprinkle the grated mozzarella cheese and bring it to the full melting of the cheese for 5-7 minutes at 180-200 degrees in the oven .
the real world is n’t like hollywood . despite what we might see in tv shows like 24 or movies like contagion , we do n’t have teams of experts ready to spring into action at the first signs of a global outbreak . but we should , philanthropist bill gates emphasized during his shattuck lecture for the massachusetts medical society today . and gates is ready to put up $ 12 million to help us get there . each year , the massachusetts medical society and the new england journal of medicine present an event featuring panelists and speakers focused on a specific health-related topic . this year , that topic was epidemics . what better speaker than bill gates , whose foundation strives to combat some of the biggest threats to public health , such as hiv and malaria ? during his presentation , gates looked to the past , present , and future of our outbreak preparedness . the short version : we ’ve come a long way , but still have a long way to go . back in 1889 , the russian flu became the first flu pandemic to spread across continents . a few decades later , the 1918 flu pandemic killed 675,000 people in just five weeks . luckily for those of us alive now , today we have vaccines , drugs , and diagnostic tools that help us address outbreaks far more effectively than when those illnesses first took hold . but we still fall short in so many respect , according to gates . he noted the “ wake up calls ” of the 2009 h1n1 virus and west africa ’s more recent ebola outbreak . the world did n’t respond quickly enough in either situation . we could n’t effectively track the diseases as they spread . our local health systems simply collapsed . people kept dying because we were n’t ready . “ the world needs to prepare for pandemics in the same serious way it prepares for war , ” gates told the audience . one way to be better prepared for the inevitable next pandemic : to develop better weapons to fight outbreaks . to that end , the bill &amp; melinda gates foundation has teamed up with the family of google co-founder and alphabet ceo larry page to launch the universal influenza vaccine development grand challenge . according to the challenge website , the goal is to find a “ game changing , universal solution ” to address both pandemic and seasonal influenza . the world health organization ( who ) estimates 290,000 to 650,000 people die from the latter each year , and while less common , pandemic influenza can be even more deadly . the grand challenge will award $ 150,000 to $ 2 million in funding over two years to the most promising proposals for a universal flu vaccine . then , those projects that “ demonstrate promising proof-of-concept data , ” such as success in animal models , can apply for a full award of $ 10 million for additional studies . the gates foundation is thinking big and fast with this challenge . they ’re only interested in a universal flu vaccine — not one that might work to address certain strains of the flu or in certain populations — and they want it to be ready for clinical trials by 2021 . we may not meet the hollywood standard for outbreak preparedness today , but if bill gates has anything to say about it , we might in the very near future .
ingredients 1 large duck weighing 1 ½ kg/3lb 5oz 4 eating apples method heat oven to 120c/fan 100c/gas ½ . pull any excess fat from the duck ’s cavity and use a roasting fork or skewer to prick the skin of the duck all over – do this lightly as you do n’t want to pierce the meat . rub the duck generously inside and out with flaky sea salt , then lay , breast-side down , on a rack over a roasting tray . roast the duck for 3 hrs , pricking again every now and then should you happen to pass by . while the duck is cooking , score a line gently around the middle of each apple and set aside ( this stops them exploding when they cook ) . after 3 hrs , remove duck from the oven and turn the heat to 180c/fan 160c/gas 4 . sit the duck on a plate and carefully pour away most of the fat from the tin . return the duck to the rack , right way up , and continue to roast for 30 mins . put the apples in under the duck or around the side and roast for a final 30 mins . by now you should have the crispiest duck and apples on the verge of collapse . leave the duck to rest for 10 mins , then carve and serve with then carve and serve with the apples .
hedge fund manager claudio guazzoni de zanett is a big believer in cryptocurrency — so much so that he 'll accept it as payment for his sprawling beaux arts townhouse on the upper east side ( as long as the buyer is willing to pay a premium ) . zanett is selling the 10 east 76th street with an asking price of $ 29.95 million in u.s. dollars , or 1.5 times that amount in digital currency . scroll down for a look inside.the 12,380-square-foot house is located on east 70th street between fifth and madison avenues . douglas elliman it was built circa 1904 by schwartz and gross ( the architectural firm known for the nearby mark and surrey hotels ) . the limestone mansion has ceilings that reach up to 13 feet . the wood-burning fireplace in the vestibule is surrounded by original mosaic tiles . a white marble staircase leads to the upper floors . douglas elliman for the past 24 years , the house has been separated into seven private living areas ; the fifth and sixth floors were combined as a penthouse . zanett told the wall street journal he 's asking a higher price in digital currency because of its volatility . there are 12 wood-burning fireplaces throughout the home . along with plenty of natural light . the roof terrace overlooks central park . douglas elliman the home has an additional 2,500 square feet of outdoor space . and midtown manhattan . it could be yours . douglas elliman the listing is shared between corcoran and douglas elliman . zanett will accept bitcoin , ethereum , or ripple as payment , or just plain old u.s. dollars .
ingredients : 1/4 cup finely chopped onion 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese , divided 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1-1/2 teaspoons dried parsley flakes 1 garlic clove , minced 1 teaspoon worcestershire sauce 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1/2 pound ground chicken 2 hamburger buns , split 1/4 cup torn romaine 4 teaspoons fat-free creamy caesar salad dressingdirections : in a small bowl , combine the onion , 1 tablespoon cheese , lemon juice , parsley , garlic , worcestershire sauce , salt and pepper . crumble chicken over mixture and mix well . shape into two patties . grill burgers , covered , over medium heat for 5-7 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 165 ° and juices run clear . sprinkle with remaining cheese . serve on buns with romaine and salad dressing.nutritional facts : 1 each : 322 calories , 12g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 79 mg cholesterol , 801 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate ( 5g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 25g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 2 starch , 1 fat.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
1 knock , knock shopbazaar 2 full circle shopbazaar go big , then go bigger ! a staple that wo n't go out of style any time soon . eddie borgo earrings , $ 275 , shopbazaar.com3 peta approved shopbazaar snakes are much more appealing when they deck your ears . yazbukey earrings , $ 98 , shopbazaar.com4 masterpiece move 5 spiral statement shopbazaar when life gives you lemons , let 's hope they 're in the form of these oversized earrings . jacquemus earrings , $ 240 , shopbazaar.com6 pucker up , darling 7 back with a bang shopbazaar bring back the '90s with a new take on traditional hoops.lele sadoughi earrings , $ 225 , shopbazaar.com8 pastel power shopbazaar ditch your winter blues : your colorful spring look starts here . rebecca de ravenel earrings , $ 345 , shopbazaar.com9 elegant entrance shopbazaar pearls are back , and not just for the ladies who lunch.simone rocha earrings , $ 310 , shopbazaar.com10 cha-cha-cha shopbazaar the earrings that dance at every step . rebecca de ravenel earrings , $ 485 , shopbazaar.com
living in the white house might seem glamorous , but it turns out life at 1600 pennsylvania avenue is pretty much a buzzkill . french first lady brigitte macron learned that much when she met melania trump during their recent state visit to washington.she told le monde , as translated by the guardian , that she learned that melania ’s life is very restricted , and that may explain why she comes across as emotionless in public . the first lady “ can not do anything , ” macron said , likely noting security concerns . “ she ca n’t even open a window at the white house . she ca n’t go outside . she ’s much more constrained than i am . i go out every day in paris . ” macron also added that melania often has to restrict what she says and how she appears because of the close scrutiny of the media , but in private is “ kind , charming , intelligent , and very open , ” and “ actually really fun , ” sharing the same sense of humor . ( and they probably got along swimmingly , especially since melania speaks fluent french . ) “ everything is interpreted , over-interpreted . she ’s someone who has a strong personality , but works hard to hide it , ” she said . “ she laughs very easily , at everything , but shows it less than i do . ” but melania ’s french counterpart can empathize with the media twisting her words . “ [ i have to ] be careful what i say . i have the impression that every word is a word too many , i ’m constantly holding myself back , ” she said . “ that ’s the hardest part : there ’s never really any time off , never a moment when you can be completely calm . ”
the people in these photos may very well be proof that aliens have infiltrated the human race and are living among us . these folks seem like they have never seen commonplace tasks performed : using a grocery basket , avoiding wet cement while driving , what gasoline 's purpose is . you will be surprised to see people failing so spectacularly , and the only reasonable explanation is that these are not humans after all . check out 14 people who seem to have no concept of how the world works . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one was your favorite . 1 . " just using gasoline to wash off my car " 2 . operator error 3 . you might have some trouble keeping this door shut 4 . when looney tunes attack your car 5 . state trooper at mcdonald 's does n't know how gas pumps work 6 . the rare double fail u-turn 7 . did anyone else accidentally do this at school ? 8 . driving up to get a view of the tide coming in 9 . loving the sunshine 10 . somebody did n't do the math 11 . tow truck ? 12 . locked and secure . nobody 's getting this baby out 13 . sees ' small car only ' drives the biggest suv on the market into the space14 . has this lady never used a basket before ? which of these did you think was the worst fail ?
with april coming to a close , there 's a fresh group of augmented reality snapchat lenses you should try out while they 're still hot . we 've got a prank lens , gamer-oriented ones for fortnite and fallout , and ones for the memesters out there.if you 're new to the user-generated snapchat lens game , it 's super easy . just tap a link or scan a snapcode to use one . if you have a preference regarding the method , i 've included both options here in april 27 's selection so you can get these lenses however you please . and if you 're a fan of them , do n't forget to send the lenses to your friends so they can enjoy them as well.while all of these lenses are labeled as such because they were created in snapchat 's lens studio , some are more like filters where the image is a static overlay versus an ar three-dimensional object . i 'll specify which those are in the descriptions , but it does n't make them any better or worse inherently . 1 : fortnite danceafter breaking out a pubg lens last week , it 's only fair that i extend the same treatment to fortnite . this lens by mrtolien features a high-res animation of a character dancing along with with the " victory royale " banner that accompanies a win.unlock the fortnite dance lens on snapchat right now 2 : gotchaaround 10 or so years ago , people would " get " their friends by having them look at their hand making an " ok " symbol . if they got you , you 'd be punched in the arm . it was really stupid . so now , people have begun to make fun of this practice in a series of memes . i 've seen low-effort lenses floating around that are capitalizing on this trend , but this one by adam bird is honestly genius . the idea of putting it inside a brightly-colored hole was a great idea.unlock the gotcha lens on snapchat right now 3 : seinfeld creditsin a similar vein to the curb your enthusiasm theme ( lens available ) , the seinfeld credits have become a solid capstone to a meme , giving situations a sitcom-y feel to them . this filtery-lens will actually go through the entire credits if you give it enough time , so it 's cool that alex bardell put the time in for that.unlock the seinfeld credits lens on snapchat right now 4 : apyrapyr ( translates to " friend " in russian ) is a meme that is an amalgam of a photo manipulation from fallout 4 and a post from / r/4panelcringe . the combination yielded an interesting image , which was extrapolated into a youtube video . now , this filter-esque lens by siloq will let you create your very own apyr memes.unlock the apyr lens on snapchat right now 5 : deep frieddeep friend memes have been around for a while , but they 're like an ever-present commentary on memes that get shared so much that they appear faded and grainy . red glowing eyes were also integrated into the deep fried template , leading to this lens by young dimmadome . point it at your face and your eyes will glow red , but the grainy filter is applied everywhere.unlock the deep fried lens on snapchat right now these are the best lenses i could find for the week . if you think i missed any , let me know in the comments . if you 're looking for more ammo , you can always see the best lenses from last week as well . be sure to check back next week for the latest lenses .
maybe these people are a little crazy , or maybe we 're just not in on the joke . regardless of context , these photos are fantastic . there 's some people in these that are attempting to sell things online for ridiculous prices , or are just ridiculous for ever posting them . you will find some questionable fashion - and life - choices . oh , and there 's a baby who gets introduced to the most important food group that will melt your heart , and make you hungry all at the same time . scroll through to see 14 hilarious pictures that make zero sense . make sure to let us know in the comments which one you liked the most . 1 . studying nutrition 2 . who created this monstrosity ? 3 . i mean , the ad does n't lie . it 's a mower and you can ride it4 . fashion inspo #ootd 5 . we all know that guilty look 6 . just needs a bit of work 7 . when your janitor does the bare minimum 8 . great , now you can own your childhood nightmares 9 . giving up on your summer bod 10 . the math does n't check out on this one 11 . buy this for your kid who misbehaves 12 . these teef are practically freeeee13 . " these boots were made for talkin ' ... " 14 . does anybody else remember this magical moment ? which of these made you laugh , or just shake your head ?
the berkshire hathaway shareholder meeting with warren buffett and charlie munger is jokingly referred to as the woodstock for capitalists as it draws a large growing crowd every year . and hundreds of thousands of people tune-in to watch the event streamed live on yahoo . get the full warren buffett series in pdf get the entire 10-part series on warren buffett in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues but should you watch the live broadcast ? what is your purpose for watching the berkshire hathaway shareholders meeting ? leave your thoughts in the comments section below . my main purpose for not watching the full 3 to 4 + hour live broadcasting is because i know i will not learn anything new about investing . that ’s why i ’ll be watching the 3-minute highlight reel instead . and nothing new regarding investment technique or strategy will be said in the q &amp; a with buffett and munger . if your purpose is to gain investment knowledge then warren buffett and charlie munger have already written down their investment wisdom in their respective shareholder letters . start from 1977 and right through till today for buffett ’s shareholder letters ( link ) , and charlie munger ’s wesco financial corporation shareholder letters start from 1997 through till 2009 ( link ) . and avoid reading other people ’s bias opinions on those same letters , always read the original source , because a lot of media companies like to use buffett ’s reputation to market their own products ( think motley fool , jim cramer , and others ) , it exactly the same reason nike inc. , uses star athlete ’s to market their products . there is nothing wrong with the marketing practice of association when it is used ethically , but buffett has never endorsed them to use his name . but if i was a shareholder i would attend . it is an event i ’d love to experience , but i would n’t expect to learn anything new . ( listen to tony hansen explain what it was like to attend a berkshire hathaway shareholders meeting here ) . remember there is an opportunity cost to watching the full live broadcast . so it ’s important to define your purpose for watching or not watching , and if you decide not to watch , then determine how you will use that time productively instead . may i suggest spending a few minutes reading the five ( 5 ) investment fundamentals in the free the two-minute formula ? the decision is yours , and in jocko willink ’s words “ take extreme ownership . ” you can watch the full broadcast here free at yahoo ( link ) . yours in investing – adam
treyarch may have just revealed the return of pick 10 system for black ops 4 since treyarch ’s big reveal of black ops 4 last month the gaming community has erupted with a bunch of speculation and rumors , including the lack of a campaign and the addition of a battle royale mode . despite all of the speculation , treyarch has not addressed any of the rumors to be true . what they may have just done however , is teased the return of the pick 10 class system for black ops 4 ! that ’s right , the pick 10 system may be coming back . following a tweet from a fan that says , “ in treyarch we trust , ” the company tweeted back along with a cryptic picture . treyarch wrote , “ we give this post a 10/10 . ca n’t wait to talk about #blackops4 on may 17 ! ” while the words could be taken at face value it ’s the picture of ten small yellow boxes followed by 10/10 that really seem to hint at this class system return . well , that and the obvious connection between the picture and the big upcoming reveal date . you can check out the tweet below . the pick 10 system , which first showed up in treyarch ’s black ops ii , provides players with ten points to allocate in whichever way they see fit . the system allows players quite a bit of control as they get to choose between various loadout element . taking an extra weapon attachment , an extra grenade , or even an extra perk all cost points . once you ’ve reached ten , you are no longer able to add anything else to the loadout unless you replace another element . despite it ’s popularity , it was dropped from the most recent call of duty game : wwii . do you think treyarch is hinting at the return of the pick 10 system to black ops 4 ? if so , are you excited about its return or is there a different class system you prefer ? let us know your thoughts in the comments below and keep it locked for updates ! source the post treyarch teases possible return of pick 10 class system to black ops 4 on twitter appeared first on cogconnected .
you know your home is cool when it not only has its own estately title , but that title has a nickname . such is the life of prince harry and meghan markle , who call nottingham cottage — or " nott cott " — home . the couple lives in the two-bedroom house , right within the grounds of kensington palace , leading some to wonder , will they move to grander digs once they 're officially married on may 19 ? it 's a valid question , though for now , nott cott is and will be their home . moving in before the big day lets them get settled into the space , making it their own before markle 's walk down the aisle . if the cottage sounds familiar , that 's because the duke and duchess of cambridge lived there for about two and a half years , the telegraph reported . the ceilings are so low , it 's reported that prince william had to stoop at times to avoid hitting his head . at 6-foot-1 , harry 's two inches shorter than his older brother , but he still might have to watch out . beyond that , not much is known about what the interior of the cottage looks like . it was designed by the same architect who created st. paul 's cathedral , sir christopher wren , and it 's rumored that it does n't have air conditioning ( which would make sense , given its age ) , so anyone who lives there has to set up fans to stay cool in the summer.these descriptors — head-smackable ceilings , a lack of air conditioning — may not make it sound like a place fit for royalty , but the cottage has a certain bucolic charm to it . former nott cott resident marion crawford wrote that it " looks as if it had got to london quite by mistake from some distant country place , " in her 1950 memoir , the little princesses : the story of the queen ’s childhood by her nanny , marion crawford . it has its own garden , where prince harry reportedly strung up a hammock shortly after moving in , lending to that feeling of being away-from-it-all even when you 're in the midst of bustling london — and not too far from the ever-present hum of paparazzi and tourists . follow house beautiful on instagram .
what do the late tupac shakur and swedish pop group abba have in common ? seems like not much . but thanks to virtual reality , that ’s changing . in a statement posted to instagram on friday , abba confirmed a “ virtual tour ” — one that was originally announced in october 2016 . the group also announced the release of the first new material since 1982 . it seems like plans for the virtual tour inspired them to record a couple of new tracks on top of it . the future of live concerts promises to be vastly different than what we ’re used to . soon , holograms and giant screens will replace live performers , making you wonder why you got a ticket in the first place . on instagram , the band muses : “ it was like time had stood still and that we only had been away on a short holiday . an extremely joyful experience ! ” but it ’s not their physical scandinavian faces that will grace the stage at the nbc and bbc co-produced production that will be broadcasting in december — it will be their “ digital selves . ” it ’s not yet clear , however , what kind of digital entities we ’re talking about . will it be giant disembodied heads floating around on stage , or a projection-based affair a la gorillaz ? even a projection of michael jackson performed at the 2014 billboard music awards , except that he was … well , already gone . abba , on the contrary , is still kicking around , and by the sound of it , they are willing to record music together , too . so what ’s stopping them from showing up on stage , themselves ? it ’s pretty much because they do n’t want to . since it broke up in 1982 , the band has refused many requests to reunite on stage irl . the december broadcast is being put together by simon fuller , the guy you have to thank for american idol and so you think you can dance . according to a 2016 post on abba ’s facebook page , the event will feature “ the very latest in digital and virtual reality technology . ” except that that was two years ago , and no further details have emerged , except for this announcement of new material . but let ’s have abba take a chance on this new venture . appearing in a virtual tour is quite the gamble — reception seems to be pretty mixed , when it comes to virtual concert appearances . but in the end , the winner takes it all .
yesterday , kimberly kardashian west took a break from defending her husband on twitter to talk about something else near and dear to her heart : dunkaroos.in case you forgot about them , they looked like this : now , a couple days ago , twitter user @_lukekellly sent betty crocker ( the company that blessed us with the sprinkle-and-frosting cookie snack in the '90s ) a dm asking just how many retweets it would take to bring dunkaroos back . the answer ? " 150,000 , " directly from betty crocker 's social media account . @_lukekellly posted the dm with a simple , but powerful call to action : " let 's make this happen . " let ’s make this happen pic.twitter.com/ceg6ugkadb— luke ( @_lukekellly ) april 24 , 2018 clearly , the people want their dunkaroos , including kim ( and reportedly celeb food queen chrissy teigen before she took down her tweet ... ) ! obsessed with dunkaroos . please come back ! https://t.co/4uxtioqyo1— kim kardashian west ( @kimkardashian ) april 27 , 2018 however , the internet quickly starting calling out the original tweet for just being a solid photoshop job . booooo . this is fake — austin montgomery ( @montaustin10 ) april 26 , 2018 but wait ! @_lukekellly came back with some sort of proof that they were indeed dm 'd by betty crocker : let ’s make this happen pic.twitter.com/ceg6ugkadb— luke ( @_lukekellly ) april 24 , 2018 and then we were all like , is ? this ? real ? well alas , it is not . sorry kim . salt lake city 's kutv-tv reached out to general mills ( betty crocker 's parent company ) for comment and they slashed your lil '90s hopes and dreams to the ground : mike siemienas , general mills spokesman , said the image appears to be a photoshop rendering and the company did not respond to the inquiry about how many retweets it would take to return the discontinued snack to the united states . " we love hearing from consumers and we hear from them all the time whenever we discontinue a product because we know someone will miss our products , " siemienas told 2news . he added that there are no plans to reintroduce dunkaroos in american , but emphasized that general mills wants to " know our consumers ' thoughts and we appreciate them . " well , there you have it friends . dunkaroos are not coming back to american shelves but if you live in australia you can feast on chocolate hazelnut dunkaroos . or , do n't be lazy and make your own .
zegen ’s olly desk is set up perfectly for writers . the table comes with only one , small drawer that is located in the middle of the desk , but the other features make up for that lack of drawer space . the desk top , which is made of tinted veneer , features ergonomic slots for small office supplies . you ’ll be able to keep writing utensils and other typical office supplies in these slots , which will keep your workspace clean and organized . there ’s a slot that allows for your phone to be kept in a vertical position rather than lying on the desk — again , a space-saving feature but also an efficiency that allows you to easily see your phone when alerts and messages come through . those same slots are large enough to put your tablet into as well . both sides of the desk offer the same set up of slots for utensils and technology . a cut-out in the middle of the table allows wires and cables for a laptop or computer to be passed through . the top comes with ten different options for color . the legs and exposed slots on the top are of ash . the desk is clean and simple , allowing you to be organized without any distractions to keep you from writing . the desk has a modern feel to it , making it fit in with just about any interior design .
the cbre urban photographer of the year competition encourages professional and amateur photographers to capture cities at work.the competition attracted more than 21,000 entries from 113 countries worldwide – its most successful year to date . &gt; &gt; xyclopsoscar rialubin from the philippines was named overall winner of the cbre urban photographer of the year with his image of a watch repairman at work in doha , qatar . &gt; &gt; poultry prepared for marketthe asia pacific prize went to peter graney for this photograph taken in phnom penh , cambodia . &gt; &gt; winter workchristopher martin was the winner of the americas prize for this image of a plane being de-iced at calgary international airport , canada . &gt; &gt; couple policementaken by armen dolukhanyan , this image won the award in the emea section . &gt; &gt; blizzard daysfor the first time , the 2015 competition included a mobile category . the winner , cocu liu from china , captured the chicago board of trading building . &gt; &gt; managing influence -- 00.00 the competition allows photographers to enter up to 24 images , one representing each hour of the day . &gt; &gt; general compartment -- 02:00 does n’t the title of the photograph say it all ? &gt; &gt; old school -- 11.00 reminding us of simpler times . &gt; &gt; dog walker -- 15.00 needless to say this woman loves her dogs and ca n’t live a moment without them . &gt; &gt; in between work -- 16.00 hard work calls for a short nap . this image translates that need beautifully . &gt; &gt; the sound of solitude -- 18.00 a woman passes a man by as he plays his music . &gt; &gt; mannequins – 20.00
this series of photos starts off odd , and then transitions to strange , and eventually becomes downright mind boggling . let 's just talk about the last photo . there is a cow drinking gasoline . not just sipping a pool of spilled gas from somebody filling up farm equipment , or some such scenario . no , there is a cow standing at a gas station with a pump in it 's mouth chugging gas . my world view has been unraveling for some time now , but now it 's just shattered . scroll through to see 14 weird pics that are also very funny . let us know in the comments which one you liked the most . 1 . when you save up enough to start taking the bus 2 . act quickly . seating is limited 3 . captivated audience 4 . and it looks like it 's going to rain too 5 . how big is her family ? 6 . when you take your favorite chair everywhere you go 7 . sure , i guess this is normal . i actually am unsure 8 . how angry would you be if this was the last spot ? 9 . " could you turn the lights off on your way out ? " 10 . i do n't even understand why this was created 11 . " hello ... yes , can you hold a minute ? i 'm going to take this call at my tree " 12 . at least they are n't littering 13 . when your patience is rewarded 14 . do not drink the milk in this areawhich one did you think was the most odd ?
so you 've deleted your facebook account and feel pretty good about it . but there 's still that nagging feeling , that itch in the back of your mind , insisting quietly yet forcefully that you have n't escaped mark zuckerberg 's data-slurping maw just yet . that would be instagram . to be truly ( well , sort of ) free , you know deep down that you must delete instagram , too . thankfully , the company was just compelled ( hat tip , gdpr ) to release a new feature which enables you to download a bunch of your data — making sure you do n't have to leave empty handed when you walk out that social-media door . the feature was released earlier this week , and is relatively straightforward to enact . that does n't mean it 's transparent , however . to download your data , you must first request a download link . you do that by heading on over to the instagram data-download page on your web browser , logging into your account , and requesting a link be emailed to you . " get a copy of what you 've shared on instagram , " reads the page . " we 'll email you a link to a file with your photos , comments , profile information and more . we can only work on one request from your account at a time , and it may take up to 48 hours to collect this data and send it to you . " now , there is one key part of that statement which needs parsing . mainly , instagram says it 's only going to give you a copy of what you 've shared . in other words , not the complete horde of data the company has collected on you — just what you 've intentionally shared with the site . there 's also the question of what exactly " and more " means . this reporter downloaded an instagram account 's data and found that it included everything from a list of all the posts you 've liked , to long-deleted photos , to random account settings , to a list of who you 're following and your followers . image : mashableit does not include , for example , a record of all the devices you 've used to access your account , the times you 've accessed your account , or other metadata that instagram is likely collecting . facebook , too , does n't truly give you all of the data it has on you when you download your account information . it gives you a lot , but as wired reported , there 's plenty that 's not included in facebook 's " download your data . " none of that should stop you from deleting your account , however . when that download-your-data link does come through , download it then delete your account . we promise you 'll feel better when you 've kicked both big brother and his creepy little sibling to the curb .
ikea ’s first speaker , the eneby , is a small , easily moveable speaker that fits in with your décor . the speaker measures only 30 cm wide by 11 cm deep by 30 cm high and is available in either black or white . if you ’re already using other ikea products in your home , the speakers fit perfectly in the kallax shelving unit . you can also mount the speaker to a wall or stand it separately with the eneby speaker stand . the knob controls on and off as well as the volume and intuitive adjustment of bass and treble . the bass port of the back of the speaker also doubles as the handle . finally , if you prefer the look , the mesh front can be removed to expose the speaker ’s inner workings . perhaps the best feature of the speaker is its bluetooth capability . you can connect up to eight different devices to the eneby speaker , including your phone , computer , tablet , or any other bluetooth enabled device . you can also connect the speaker to devices without bluetooth by using a 3.5 mm aux cable . the speaker also has an auto-off function to help conserve energy when not in use . in standby , the speaker consumes less than 0.5 watts . ikea ’s modular design and easy assembly has grown in popularity , and their first jaunt into speakers fits right into that mold . whether you ’re an ikea fan or not , this speaker still has a place in your home audio system .
with jason pierre-paul now a tampa bay buccaneer , the new york giants were in need of an edge rusher and they got one in the third round of the 2018 nfl draft.with the 66th pick , the new york giants selected outside linebacker lorenzo carter out of the university of georgia.carter is the first defensive player dave gettleman selected in the draft this year.in his final season at georgia , he helped the bulldogs to the national championship game when he registered 62 tackles and recorded four and a half sacks . his best game came in the national semifinal game against the oklahoma sooners where he had 10 tackles and half a sack in the bulldogs ’ 54-48 win in double overtime.shortly after being drafted , carter spoke on a conference call on what it meant to him being drafted by the giants . “ i ’m honored , first of all . it ’s a blessing , i ’m ready to get in with my family . it was a long couple of nights , but i ’m honored . thankful , very thankful to be in new york . i ’m excited ” . expect carter to compete for the starting outside linebacker positions opposite olivier vernon . david gettleman and the new york giants have officially selected saquon barkley with the second pick in the … on thursday night , during the nfl draft , both the new york jets and giants come away with guys …
while fans of the new york islanders continue to wait for ownership to fire garth snow , speculation is swirling around lou lamoriello as a possible replacement.it ’s all speculation at this point , but with the hall of fame general manager ’s contract with the toronto maple leafs expiring in june , sportsnet ’s elliotte friedman ca n’t help but wonder if he ’ll take his talents to new york shortly thereafter . “ this is me thinking out loud , ” friedman wrote recently , “ but i ’d be curious to see if the islanders ask to speak to lamoriello should toronto not keep him in the same position . son chris is already there , and lamoriello has a good relationship with gm garth snow . there ’s some logic to it . ” logic , of course , is n’t something closely associated with the islanders these days.co-owners jon ledecky and scott malkin continue to look like they ’ve got no clue — or interest — in building a contender or holding someone , like general manager garth snow , accountable for a disastrous 2017-18 season.but as friedman says , lamoriello to the isles makes a lot of sense.he built the new jersey devils into a perennial contender , a team that won three stanley cups under his watch . he ’s taken the toronto maple leafs from one of the game ’s worst teams into the playoffs in relatively short time.lamoriello ’s son , chris , is currently the islanders assistant general manager , something that was n’t lost on friedman or the athletic ’s arthur staple.while it ’s a situation most definitely worth watching , the islanders do n’t seem to be in any rush to replace snow , as sportsnet ’s john shannon reports.snow , contrary to what he and the franchise would like you to believe , has been a colossal failure over his 12-year run as islanders general manager . the team has made just four playoff appearances during his reign.while lamoriello ’s lengthy track record of success would be a welcome change , there ’s no reason to believe the islanders will actually try and bring him aboard at this point . if there 's anything we 're certain about , it 's that the new york islanders are going to go somewhere this … the new york islanders took a step back on wednesday when they announced they were sending exciting young … game 1 of the second round of the stanley cup playoffs between the new york islanders and tampa …
the stars are out in full force in los angeles for the new york yankees . no , not aaron judge and giancarlo stanton . how about a former yankee all-star ? riding a six-game winning streak , the new york yankees are red-hot and ready to face the 16-9 los angeles angels on the west coast . it seems the yankees have a little luck on their side , as alex rodriguez visited the yes network booth prior to first pitch.look at the smiles on this crew ! plus the incredible photobomb by ken singleton because he just wants to be a part of the action . after all , it is his final season in the booth . and it looks like the retired life is treating a-rod pretty well . he looks absolutely fabulous and at home ( of course ) in the booth . but these guys likely are n’t the only stars in the stadium this evening.of course , the california native in aaron judge is likely drawing in big crowds . fans wanting to see stanton and the recently hot gary sanchez in action are flooding the ballpark . and we ca n’t forget about the star-studded power with their opponents.shohei ohtani is making his first career appearance against the yankees after he turned down the option to come to new york city . perennial mvp candidate mike trout puts on a show every night , something the yankees have yet to see firsthand this season.a-rod himself had some pretty great success against the angels . in 207 career games against them , he batted an impressive .319 while hitting 70 home runs , the most he ’s hit against any opponent in his career.in angel stadium alone , a-rod hit 38 home runs while boasting a .663 slugging percentage.so , yeah , i think the yankees could use a little bit of luck against the al west opponents . hopefully a-rod ’s angel dominance can rub off on this young band of yankees this weekend . spring training is officially underway and the new york yankees have no shortage of star-studded guests making their … offseason ? what offseason ? the new york yankees top prospects in the afl are earning all-star nominations left and …
former new york jets cornerback darrelle revis could n’t believe the team took usc quarterback sam darnold in the 2018 nfl draft.if you ’re a new york jets fan who is happy with the team ’s decision to make usc quarterback sam darnold the third overall pick in the 2018 nfl draft , then you should be very happy that former cornerback darrelle revis was n’t part of the decision-making process.because it does n’t sound like the future hall of fame inductee would have made that move . “ wow what a surprise . i ’m a huge josh rosen fan !!! guess sam darnold will have to show what he capable of ” revis tweeted minutes after the jets ’ selection was made.when reassured by a fan that darnold would , revis replied : ” i hope he is better than the rest of the usc qbs . usc qbs have n’t developed great qbs over the years even when pete carroll was the head coach . only one qb has been successful and it ’s carson palmer !!! ” revis is n’t wrong . six usc signal-callers have been drafted in the first round since 1945 and palmer is the only one who had any sort of sustained success in the nfl .1945 : jim hardy , eighth overall , washington redskins1964 : pete beathard , fifth overall , detroit lions * 1991 : todd marinovich , 24th overall , los angeles raiders2003 : carson palmer , first overall , cincinnati bengals2006 : matt leinart , 10th overall , arizona cardinals2009 : mark sanchez , sixth overall , new york jets * note : beathard was also selected second overall in the afl draft by the kansas city chiefs.it ’s highly likely that revis is scarred by the four years he watched mark sanchez under center for the jets.while the team did advance to consecutive afc championship games in 2009 and 2010 with sanchez as the quarterback , it was revis and the defense that carried gang green to their success.that said , darnold seems to be cut from a different cloth than sanchez was.as for rosen , the former ucla quarterback , who was selected 10th overall by the arizona cardinals , believes that the nine teams who passed on him made a mistake.only time will tell whether allen and revis — or the jets — was right . new york jets cornerback darrelle revis has revealed that he actually considered retiring in 2012 after he blew-out … it 's official . the new york jets have released future hall of fame cornerback darrelle revis , cutting his homecoming …
my only promise is the first single off of james dalight debut album , “ dalight saving time ” . the track was produced by the cratez and the video was shot by jonti films . the song is just a introduction to who james dalight is and how he promises to keep it real . with the old school hip hop infectious beat your sure to fall in love with what he is doing , what he is saying , and where he is going . james dalight , originally from the dmv but now residing in atlanta , brings the art of emceeing back to relevancy . james is no newcomer , fly by night or flavor of the month rapper . james has been a student of the game and has mastered his craft . james ’ style accommodates all rap enthusiasts ; from the young and new to the real hip-hop connoisseurs . his style is original , provocative and definitely worth a listen . with his real life stories and his shared experiences of ups and downs you ’re sure to go on a journey as he maneuvers from track to track . every song is real and every line is carefully thought out before it hits the paper . story telling comes easy for james and it definitely shows on his upcoming debut album , “ dalight saving time ” . timing is everything and right now he knows that this is his time .
juic3boy comes out with his first visual in his early career . “ ordinary boy ” is a wavey r &amp; b single with different moods to it that can get you in your feelings , hyped up and vibing . juic3boy directs a well played out visual that perfectly matches this single . this story line is magnificent and portrays the heartaches in the love life of the artist . watch this video to see this “ ordinary boy ” story unfold . juic3boy a unique and versatile artist is definitely one for the culture today and for the future . his switch of flows and lyrical creativity has caught the eye and the ears of many . and it ’s just a matter of time before his sound expands to listeners outside of his city . raised in ottawa but now an edmonton local , juic3boy is definitely an artist that will bring more eyes to the music scene in edmonton . his catchy vibes and different choices of genres with his songs appeals to many . juic3boy creates music within many areas ( r &amp; b , hip-hop , pop and afrobeats ) his versatility and range is not to be reckoned with as he continues to experiment with his music and find his true sound . although he has released only two singles since his debut with local group otb , juic3boy has announced that he has been battling with many difficulties in life which he calls “ the storm ” but he states he never stopped making music and everyone who believes in him will not regret their choice . we will have to wait and see what ’s next for the rising artist . juic3boy is not to be slept on for too long .
in his first at-bat against new york yankees ace luis severino , los angeles angels stud shohei ohtani unloaded on a 410-foot home run.that ’s it . i ’ve had enough . i am tired of shohei ohtani making a clear and conscientious effort to do everything in his power to hurt the new york yankees.add this moonshot off of luis severino to the list of reasons to start disliking ohtani : if this is intentional , i ’d like it to stop immediately . it seems every time the yankees have their interests in line with the angels , ohtani comes out an lays an egg . every time an angels loss would benefit the yankees , he lives up to the babe ruth comparisons.if you do n’t believe me check out his performances against the boston red sox and the houston astros as compared to his performance against the oakland athletics.also feel free to reference that ohtani was n’t even willing to meet with brian cashman and the yankees , claiming he wanted a “ small market ” before going to a team based out of los angeles ( anaheim more accurately ) and featuring mike trout , the best player in baseball . definitely the smallest market available on the west coast . nobody watching that team.seems like a trend is forming.i am trying so hard to like shohei ohtani . as a baseball fan , it ’s impossible not to.what he ’s doing on the field is absolutely incredible . by all accounts , all he cares about is playing the game of baseball at the highest level . he risked sacrificing tens of millions of dollars just to get to the best league in the world a couple years earlier.but if ohtani keeps finding ways to make life more difficult for the yankees , he will leave me no choice but to declare him my enemy . he has a good opportunity in the next few weeks to get back into my good graces but he has his work cut out for him . allowing his team to get swept at home would be a pretty good start . while the new york yankees are currently the favorites to land japanese superstar shohei ohtani , negative consequences could … the new york yankees did n't get their man in shohei ohtani . but the last person to blame for …
the new york rangers are hoping to get lucky in the nhl lottery selection and land a top-three pick in the 2018 nhl draft on saturday in toronto.the new york rangers have been using the word “ rebuild ” since early february . saturday , the rebuilding process continues as the nhl draft lottery to determine who will get the number pick in nhl draft in june will be held.the lottery was created to prevent teams from tanking late in a losing season and getting the number one pick in the draft.the rangers traded away some of their top players ( michael grabner , rick nash , ryan mcdonagh and j.t. miller ) late in the season for high draft picks with the hope of improving their team . the lottery will have a big impact on what the direction the franchise takes in rebuilding . the rangers need to improve on both offense and defense as they struggled scoring goals and defending their own end of the ice last season.the sporting news put out a list of the teams , their point totals for last season the chances of getting the number one pick and the chances of getting a top three pick for all 14 teams involved in this years draft lottery.teampointsodds of no. 1 pickodds of top three pickbuffalo sabres62 points18 .5 I. 4 % ottawa senators67 points13 .58.8 % arizona coyotes70 points11 .53.9 % montreal canadiens71 points9 .5 ( .8 troit red wings73 points8 .5 & .1 % vancouver canucks73 points7 .5 # .3 % chicago blackhawks76 points6 .5 .1 % new york rangers77 points6 .0 .0 monton oilers78 points5 .0 .0 % new york islanders80 points3 .5 .4 rolina hurricanes83 points3 .0 % 9.9 % new york islanders via calgary84 points2 .5 % 8.2 llas stars92 points2 .0 % 6.6 % philadelphia flyers via st. louis94 points1 .5 % 5.0 % florida panthers96 points1 .0 % 3.3 % the buffalo sabres ( 18.5 percent ) and ottawa senators ( 13.5 percent ) have the best chance of getting the first pick in this year ’s draft.the rangers only have a six percent chance of acquiring the number one overall pick and the new york islanders , who will have two opportunities to get the number one pick due to a trade with the calgary flames , have a 3.5 percent chance to get the top pick.teams that qualified for the 2018 stanley cup playoffs are not included in the lottery draft . they will take their spot in the draft as they are eliminated from the playoffs , hence the new jersey devils are not included in the above list.the presumptive first pick in this years draft is rasmus dahlin . the 18-year-old defenseman is currently playing for frolunda hc in the swedish elite league . he ’s a smart two-way player with great stick-handling skills who can play in any situation.the odds of the rangers getting the first pick overall are low , but their chances for a top three pick improves to 19 percent . they have 10 picks overall heading into this year ’s draft.general manager jeff gorton will have to make sure none of the picks are wasted opportunities in the effort to improve on what was a poor season.the rangers missed the playoffs for the first time in eight seasons and vowed to improve in the offseason as they attempt to get back into the playoffs as early as next season . important upcoming nhl datesthe nhl draft lottery drawing will take place saturday , april 28 in toronto , with representatives from all 14 lottery teams in attendance . fans can watch on nbc sports network.the event is broken down into two segments.starting at 7:30 p.m. et , picks four-to-14 will be announced . the top three picks will be announced during the first intermission of an 8 p.m. et playoff game that evening.you ca n’t make this stuff up!the scouting combine will take place may 27 – june 2 in buffalo , ny.the 2018 nhl entry draft will take place in minnesota with the first round on friday night june 28 . rounds two through seven will proceed the next day , saturday , june 29 . follow frank curto on twitter it 's official . the protected players from all 30 nhl organizations have been released . which new york rangers player … the new york rangers made a big splash trading derek stepan and antti raanta to arizona setting themselves … new york rangers expansion draft preview -- all you need to know about the blueshirts protected list and …
jc ( justin cutroneo ) is just a regular guy from the suburbs of old bridge , new jersey that is a huge fan of hip-hop . he started making music for fun about 2 years ago , but as of recent he gained some success and began to take music more seriously . jc enjoys making music that is very relatable and fun because he believes music can help people with any obstacle that is faced in ones life . music became the most powerful way to express himself and it has definitely changed his life . jc , at age 21 , has a deep passion and love for music , but he knows there is a lot of room for growth and improvement . he just dropped his first ever project called “ ups &amp; downs ” and it has gained a liking from many people . his dream is to become a famous musician , and with the continuous hard work , that dream can become reality . ups &amp; downs is my first mixtape , and the goal is to take listeners on a journey through my mind . there are songs that are fun and upbeat , and there are songs that are deep and very relatable . it is a quick project with only 7 tracks , but it is a great listen that makes you want more . everything except the instrumentals was done on my own . there was no studio , no engineer , and no songwriter involved in the making of this project . with all that being said , i hope that people enjoy my music and my passion for the art . there is much more to come !
the daughter of the us president , ivanka trump , called for an assessment of the importance of the joint declaration of north and south korea , which confirms the overall goal of the full denuclearization of the korean peninsula . in her microblog , she called this event a historic milestone . and this is a very important event for the world . " the north and south korea agreed to achieve " complete denuclearization " of the korean peninsula and seek to establish a permanent peace after 65 years . there is still a lot of work to be done , but let 's all appreciate the significance of this historic milestone , " ivanka trump wrote.the joint declaration of north and south korea confirms the overall goal of the full denuclearization of the korean peninsula . for the first time in history : kim jong eun 's hand passed through the border of the president of south koreayesterday , no one would believe it . the hostile kim jong eun , scared by all the new rocket launches , for the first time in the history of the divided koreas visited south , and his neighbor - south korean president mun zhe ying - in the north.they met on friday at the border point of panmunjom , directly on the demarcation line . the leader of the dprk , dressed in a jacket , first crossed the historical line .
life under the secret service is famously cage-like . michelle obama once said that she was most excited to “ open a window ” after her tenure as first lady was over . “ i ca n’t open my windows , ” she told stephen colbert . “ one day as a treat , my lead agent let me have the windows open on the way to camp david . it was like five minutes out , and he was like , ‘ the windows open . enjoy it ! ’ i was like , ‘ thanks , alan . ’” france ’s first lady brigitte macron observed a similar isolation in her u.s. counterpart , melania trump , as she told la monde before leaving the states on wednesday . trump is “ much more constrained than me , ” she said . “ melania ca n’t do anything , she ca n’t even open a window in the white house . she ca n’t put her nose out . me , every day , i ’m out in paris . " macron called the first lady “ nice and charming , intelligent and very open , ” and said of trump ’s sometimes stern , often silent outward face , “ everything is interpreted , over-interpreted . she is a woman who has a lot of character , but who is keen to hide it . she laughs very easily about everything , but she shows it less than me . ” she said that she did n’t want to appear like “ flower pot , ” or some kind ornament to her husband , french president emmanuel macron , but that it was inevitable at times in d.c. “ everything was very framed , there were small labels on the ground , i put myself where i had to put myself . ” she told the publication .
it ’s a little known scientific fact that if you place a tiny , cute animal in a cup , it becomes 64.2 % more adorable . that ’s actually a lie … but while the numbers may not be exact , these images of small lovely beasties in cups will have you to busy cooing with delight to care about the science behind it .10 . squirrel coffeeimagine waking up to grab a cup of coffee only to find this little fella in there . would you care ? of course you would n’t . sleep well , little buddy .9 . hot hedgehog chocolatethis hedgehog does n’t look too happy to be in a cup … but that makes it even cuter .8 . bunny # 1just so you know , there are gon na be quite a few bunnies on this list . why ? because there is some strange link between bunnies and cups that science can not understand . probably .7 . bunny # 2see ? bunny rabbits just love cups . bless him .6 . green teathis might actually be the cutest picture in the entire universe . it looks so happy to be there .5 . f.r.i.e.n.d.sthis is what we imagine friends would have looked like if they ’d cast cute tiny animals instead of humans .4 . hmmmmm … this one ’s really more a bowl than a cup … . but who are we to complain when it ’s this freaking cute ? 3 . bunnies # 3 &amp; # 4them bunnies … they just ca n’t get enough of sitting in cups .2 . puppycupsay puppycup out loud while looking at this picture and try not to smile .1 . the final bunnywe could n’t really leave this list on anything else , could we ? tell all your friends ; bunnies love cups . for real .
pugs are magical creatures . with their smooshed in faces , curly tails , pig-like builds , and fun personalities , you ca n’t help but smile when you see them . despite the many health problems they can have due to being inbred so many times by breeders for shows , owning a pug is a truly wonderful experience . the following list is just ten reasons why pugs are the best , but the list could go on for hours if needed .1 . you ca n’t help but smile when you look at one.if the sight of these cuties does n’t warm your heart and make you smile , you have serious problems .2 . they look majestic in the sunlight.just look at the way the sunlight dances over the pug ’s face . it ’s almost like a scene from a movie .3 . they ’re sassy.way to stick it to the man , good pug ! 4 . they know how to arrive in style .5 . they look like royalty.have you ever seen a human look this regal ? did n’t think so .6 . they pull off some outfits better than humans ever could.could you look this good in this outfit ? did n’t think so .7 . they ’re always photogenic.you know that one person who can never take a serious picture ? that ’s the pug on the right .8 . they look like loaves of bread.granted , loaves of bread with tails and squishy faces .9 . they ’re loyal.ever see a pug stop being friends with someone ? did n’t think so .10 . they provide comic relief.there ’s nothing in this world quite like the face a pug can make .
a rhino weighing a whopping 2300 pounds has made history becoming the first of its special to undergo a ct scan.it took nearly 40 staff members at brookfield zoo in illinois to help shift layla after she was found to be suffering from nasal problems.the seven-year-old critically endangered black rhino was too large to move inside the zoo ’s animal hospital so the scanner was moved to herinstead.to prepare for the ct scan procedure , the chicago zoological society ’s carpenters constructed a custom-made platform.after being anaesthetized and stabilized , layla was carefully slid onto the platform and a front-end loader was used to gently move her onto the zoo ’s large surgical table.animal care specialists and grounds staff then carefully moved the table to the portable ct scanner.they even did several test runs using more than 2,000 pounds of concrete in the place of layla.dr . michael adkesson said : “ the ct scan provided diagnostic results that we could not have otherwise obtained . “ the ct scan on layla has provided us with an unparalleled look inside of her skull . the images we obtained will guide our future treatment plan . ” layla began experiencing difficulty breathing in december 2017 and was diagnosed with obstructive sinusitis.according to the international rhino foundation , in the 20th century , the black rhinoceros suffered the most drastic decline in total numbers of all rhino species . between 1970 and 1992 , the population of this species decreased by 96 percent .
elephants are known to have less intelligence because of the one great story you all must be knowing about the elephant and chain . but in this real life story , a baby elephant proved all this wrong and told the whole world that we elephants are not fools , we are intelligent.the fact starts like this : once a baby elephant was left alone by the herd because of some food search and mistakenly the herd moved ahead and the baby elephant was left back.suddenly lions started attacking seeing alone and all of them were 14 lions and one baby elephant . all of them attacked with full brutal force.the baby elephant just l ; ost hope for life and tried to fight back and all the efforts were useless in front of those 14 powerful lions.however , the baby elephant suddenly started moving towards the water source available nearby inspite of the attack force . the lions were trying to stop the baby elephant with all their power but the baby was able to run towards the water source.once the baby elephant reached the water source it entered inside the water and the lions left the baby elephant before water because of the fear of water.this might be possible that , the baby elephant had a feeling that , the lions are afraid of the water and if i go into the water then the lions will not enter the water and i will be safe and used this formula to save life and later united with the elephant herd.with the sharp thinking and utilization of presence of thinking the baby elephant save life .
1 . cinemas make more money from the concessionsmost people think that cinemas make most of their money on the overpriced tickets that they sell . this is not true . most cinemas actually make the bulk of their money off the overpriced snacks that they sell at the concession stand . this is why they do n’t allow you to bring outside food into the cinema . if they did , you would be seriously lowering their profits .2 . you will be arrested for recording a moviethere are plenty of people out there who buy a ticket to a movie and they hide their video camera in their coat . they do this so that they can record the movie and then sell bootleg copies or they post them online . if you think sounds like a good idea , you should know that if you get caught recording a movie , the cinema employees will call the police and you will be arrested . if you catch someone recording a movie and you have no problem ratting them out , you can leave the cinema $ 500 richer .3 . the sound levels in the cinema can be dangerousif you have ever been to the movies , especially an action movie , you know how loud it can be . according to the center for communication , the noise levels in cinemas can be loud enough that it can contribute to hearing loss . they say that there are certain cinemas that can leave your ears so stunned that it is equal to standing next to the speakers at a rock concert . this can be especially dangerous for small children .4 . the cinema is n’t as clean as you thinkmany cinemas will go hours before the cinema gets cleaned . in some cases , the cinema wo n’t get cleaned at all until the last movie has ended . if the movies all end around the same time , the employees wo n’t have the time to get to every cinema to clean before the next movie starts . the next time you go to the movies , take a look around . chances are you will see the snacks left behind by the audience who watched the previous show .5 . there is rarely anyone in the projection boothyears ago , if you looked up into the projection booth at the movies , you would see the head of an employee sitting near the projector . today , thanks to technology and automated digital projectors , you wo n’t see anyone sitting near the projector for most of the movie . once the movie has started , the employee can walk away and take care of other things . for some , this fact ruins the whole wonder and mystery of the cinema .6 . snack combos do n’t always save you moneymany cinema concession stands will have posters on the menu offering combo pack deals . this could include something like a hot dog , a popcorn , and a soda . in most cases , these combo deals wo n’t save you money at all . in fact , the only advantage that you will get by buying a combo pack is the cool paper holder that they give you to get your food to your seats easily . the next time you think that you are getting a deal at the movies , take out your calculator and do the math . chances are , you wo n’t be getting a deal .7 . the cinema manager does n’t control what movies are shownmost people believe that it is the manager at the cinema who chooses what movies are shown . when people do n’t approve of the movies that are being shown , they bring their complaint to the manager . doing this would be a waste of time . it is actually the cinema ’s corporate office who decides what movies the cinema will show . the next time you have a complaint , send it to the corporate office and leave the manager alone .8 . if you find a movie offensive you do have optionsif you start watching a movie and you find it to be offensive or if you just are n’t enjoying it , there is something that you can do but you only have so much time . if you approach an employee in a nice , reasonable manner and you explain what you do n’t like about the movie , they might let you go to a different cinema . if you want to do this , however , you need to make your complaint within the first 30 minutes of the movie .9 . the cinema staff has to interrupt couples being inappropriatemany couples go to the movies on date night . during the movie , many couples hold hands and focus on the film . there are , however , some couples who take their pda to a whole new and inappropriate level . according to many cinema employees , they need to break up couples being inappropriate at least once a week . it must be awkward for both the couple and the employees .10 . the popcorn is n’t always freshly poppedwhen the employee who works the concession stand scoops your popcorn from the machine , you automatically think that it was just popped . in some cinemas , this is n’t the case . in the back room , there is a large bin full of bags of popcorn that has already been popped . when the popcorn in the machine starts to get low , the employee will refill the machine with the pre-popped popcorn . when it gets into the machine , it will heat up , making you think that the employee just popped the corn and that it is fresh . every cinema does n’t do this , however for those who do , this is one of the biggest secrets that cinemas not want you to know .
ingredients : 3/4 cup all-purpose flour 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/3 cup hot water 1/2 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 2 tablespoons taco seasoning 1/3 cup water oil for frying 2 tablespoons chopped lettuce 2 tablespoons chopped tomato 2 tablespoons salsa 2 tablespoons sour creamdirections : in a small bowl , combine the flour , baking powder and salt ; stir in hot water to form a soft dough . cover and let stand for 1 hour . in a small skillet , cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain . stir in taco seasoning and water ; simmer , uncovered , for 10 minutes . keep warm . divide dough in half . on a lightly floured surface , roll each portion into a 4-in . circle . in an electric skillet , heat 1 in . of oil to 350 ° . fry bread circles in hot oil for 3-4 minutes on each side or until golden ; drain on paper towels . top each with meat mixture , lettuce and tomato . serve with salsa and sour cream.nutritional facts : 1 each : 407 calories , 11g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 66 mg cholesterol , 1361 mg sodium , 45g carbohydrate ( 2g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 27g protein.makes : 2 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + standing cook : 15 min .
the best island destinations for travel this summer 2018by : dean j.start planning your tropical getaway now — these are the best island beaches in the world . we all love a vacation and i believe that now is better then ever . this year should be the year we all should strive to take a vacation . whether it be a 2 day get away or 1 month , the times we live in now seem to be getting a little stressful to say the least , so a vacation , is a must!i have come up with a quick top 5 island get away that i believe you will all love to check out . now of course these are n't the only islands in the world worth visiting but if i had to make a complete list of all the islands i would probably need about 1,000 blog articles . hope you guys like them . p.s. please let me know in the comments section which of these 5 islands you would love to visit most ! and be sure to follow kjselections . thanks : ) 1 . kauai , hawaiikauai is an island in the central pacific , part of the hawaiian archipelago . it 's nicknamed " the garden isle " thanks to the tropical rainforest covering much of its surface . the dramatic cliffs and pinnacles of its na pali coast have served as a backdrop for major hollywood films , while 10-mile-long waimea canyon and the nounou trails traversing the sleeping giant mountain ridge are hiking destinations .2 . santorini , greecesantorini is one of the cyclades islands in the aegean sea . it was devastated by a volcanic eruption in the 16th century bc , forever shaping its rugged landscape . the whitewashed , cubiform houses of its 2 principal towns , fira and oia , cling to cliffs above an underwater caldera ( crater ) . they overlook the sea , small islands to the west and beaches made up of black , red and white lava pebbles .3 . galápagos islands , ecuadorthe galápagos islands is a volcanic archipelago in the pacific ocean . it 's considered one of the world 's foremost destinations for wildlife-viewing . a province of ecuador , it lies about 1,000 km off its coast . its isolated terrain shelters a diversity of plant and animal species , many found nowhere else . charles darwin visited in 1835 , and his observation of galápagos ' species later inspired his theory of evolution .4 . kalymnos island , greecekalymnos , is a greek island and municipality in the southeastern aegean sea . it belongs to the dodecanese and is located to the west of the peninsula of bodrum , between the islands of kos and leros5 . boracay island , philippinesboracay is a small island in the central philippines . it 's known for its resorts and beaches . along the west coast , white beach is backed by palm trees , bars and restaurants . on the east coast , strong winds make bulabog beach a hub for water sports . nearby , the observation deck on mount luho offers panoramic views over the island . offshore , coral reefs and shipwrecks are home to diverse marine life .
ingredients : 4 ounces uncooked spaghetti 3 portobello mushrooms , stems removed , thinly sliced 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon pepper 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 large egg 1/4 cup sour cream 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley 1-1/2 teaspoons all-purpose flour 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 1-1/4 cups marinara sauce 3/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheesedirections : cook spaghetti according to package directions . meanwhile , in a large skillet , saute the mushrooms , salt and pepper in oil until mushrooms are tender ; drain . in a large bowl , combine the egg , sour cream , parmesan cheese , parsley , flour , garlic powder and pepper flakes . drain spaghetti ; add to sour cream mixture . transfer to a 1-1/2 - qt . baking dish coated with cooking spray . top with mushrooms and marinara sauce . cover and bake at 350 ° for 30 minutes . uncover ; sprinkle with mozzarella cheese . bake 10-15 minutes longer or until a thermometer reads 160 ° and cheese is melted . let stand 10 minutes before serving.nutritional facts : 1 cup : 422 calories , 16g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 103 mg cholesterol , 601 mg sodium , 48g carbohydrate ( 13g sugars , 4g fiber ) , 20g protein.makes : 3 servingstotal time : prep : 30 min . bake : 40 min .
the bodies of over two dozen people have been found so far and there 's still 50 houses to go . 2018/04/28 sandby borg , sweden — archaeologists have discovered the site of a massacre that occurred in sweden.research published in the journal antiquity details a 1500 year-old attack on the ringfort village of sandby borg on the south-eastern swedish island of oland . to date , three of 53 houses have been excavated and the remains of 26 people have been found , including children . one of these contained nine bodies.those remains included mostly male adults , three children and an infant were found inside.they were believed to have been slaughtered by raiders or a fire . elsewhere on the site shows evidence of an elderly man who had fallen over a central fireplace . researchers say he was unconscious or dead when he fell . the remains of various animals a horse , sheep , and a dog were also found on the site . researchers found a plethora of weaponry including swords , spears and shields , as well as roman currency and items . this part of sweden was never part of the roman empire , but was influenced by it . the study writes the massacre occurred during a period of great unrest and migration after the fall of the roman empire . the study notes that those responsible for events at the site may have been trying to establish themselves as a new local ruling elite .
ingredients : 1/3 cup orange marmalade 1 jalapeno pepper , seeded and finely chopped 2 tablespoons lime juice 1 teaspoon grated fresh gingerroot 4 bone-in pork loin chops ( 8 ounces each ) 4 teaspoons minced fresh cilantro lime wedgesdirections : for glaze , in a small saucepan , combine marmalade , jalapeno , lime juice and ginger ; cook and stir over medium heat 4-6 minutes or until marmalade is melted . moisten a paper towel with cooking oil ; using long-handled tongs , rub on grill rack to coat lightly . grill chops , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat 6-8 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 145 ° , brushing with glaze during the last 5 minutes . let stand 5 minutes . sprinkle with cilantro ; serve with lime wedges.note : wear disposable gloves when cutting hot peppers ; the oils can burn skin . avoid touching your face.nutritional facts : 1 pork chop : 303 calories , 10g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 98 mg cholesterol , 87 mg sodium , 19g carbohydrate ( 16g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 35g protein . diabetic exchanges : 4 lean meat , 1 starch.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 25 min .
ingredients : 1/4 cup lime juice 1 green onion , finely chopped 2 tablespoons paprika 2 tablespoons canola oil 1 tablespoon finely chopped jalapeno pepper 1-1/2 teaspoons sugar 2 garlic cloves , minced 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon grated lime zest 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 beef top sirloin steak ( about 1-1/2 pounds ) directions : in a small bowl , combine the first 10 ingredients . pour half of the marinade into a large bowl . add steak ; turn to coat . cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade for basting . lightly oil the grill rack . grill steak , covered , over medium heat for 8-10 minutes on each side or until meat reaches desired doneness ( for medium-rare , a thermometer should read 135 ° ; medium , 140 ° ; medium-well , 145 ° ) . baste with reserved marinade during the last 2 minutes of cooking.note : wear disposable gloves when cutting hot peppers ; the oils can burn skin . avoid touching your face.nutritional facts : 3 ounce-weight : 200 calories , 11g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 245 mg sodium , 4g carbohydrate ( 1g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 22g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1/2 fat.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating grill : 20 min .
ingredients : sauce : 1 cup ketchup 1/2 cup packed brown sugar 1/3 cup sugar 1/4 cup honey 1/4 cup molasses 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1-1/2 teaspoons worcestershire sauce 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon liquid smoke 1/8 teaspoon pepper burgers : 1 large egg , lightly beaten 1/3 cup quick-cooking oats 1/4 teaspoon onion salt 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1/8 teaspoon salt 1-1/2 pounds ground beef 6 hamburger buns , split toppings of your choicedirections : in a small saucepan , combine the first 10 ingredients . bring to a boil . remove from the heat . set aside 1 cup barbecue sauce to serve with burgers . in a large bowl , combine the egg , oats , 1/4 cup of the remaining barbecue sauce , onion salt , garlic salt , pepper and salt . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . shape into six patties . grill , covered , over medium heat for 6-8 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 160 ° , basting with 1/2 cup barbecue sauce during the last 5 minutes . serve on buns with toppings of your choice and reserved barbecue sauce.nutritional facts : 1 each : 626 calories , 19g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 121 mg cholesterol , 1146 mg sodium , 86g carbohydrate ( 56g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 30g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . grill : 15 min .
ingredients : 1 loaf ( 1 pound ) cinnamon-raisin bread 6 large eggs 1 cup 2 % milk or half-and-half cream 2 tablespoons maple syrup 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/2 cup chopped pecans , toasted 2 cups fresh blueberries , divideddirections : prepare campfire or grill for low heat . arrange bread slices on a greased double thickness of heavy-duty foil ( about 24x18 in . ) . bring foil up the sides , leaving the top open . whisk eggs , milk , syrup and vanilla . pour over bread ; sprinkle with nuts and 1 cup blueberries . fold edges over top , crimping to seal . place on a grill grate over campfire or grill until egg is cooked through , 30-40 minutes . remove from heat ; let stand 10 minutes . sprinkle with remaining blueberries ; serve with additional maple syrup if desired.oven directions : preheat oven to 350 ° . place foil packet on a 15x10x1-in . baking pan . bake 25-30 minutes or until heated through ? let stand 10 minutes before serving . sprinkle with remaining blueberries ; serve with syrup.nutritional facts : 2 slices : 266 calories , 10g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 142 mg cholesterol , 185 mg sodium , 36g carbohydrate ( 14g sugars , 5g fiber ) , 12g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2 starch , 1 medium-fat meat , 1/2 fruit , 1/2 fat.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . cook : 30 min . + standing
a decision that fails to catalyze activity is n’t worth much . this is harder than it sounds because deciding and doing are actually two separate cognitive functions . to bridge the gap , ask yourself and your team implementation questions : what resources do we need to carry out this decision ? how must we do business differently for this decision to have its intended effect?you may need to have people vocalize their support for the decision in order to prime their actions . it is too common , particularly in large organizations , for people to nod “ yes ” in the conference room only to get into the hallway and mutter “ not in a million years . ” they may even actively work to undermine your decision . go around the table , making eye contact with each person , and ask them to verbally confirm that they are on board and understand their next steps . it is hard for people to back away once they have made a public commitment.your decisions will be the hallmark of your success as a leader . they can build trust and credibility . modeling a transparent , intentional , and disciplined process for making those decisions is an important component of your leadership platform as it helps you build decision-making capacity and capability throughout your organization . you wo n’t make the right call every time , but insights from decision science can greatly improve your odds .
civil servants did not monitor the movement of lawmakers in the legislative council complex and only “ observed ” them , hong kong ’s no 2 official said on saturday as he dismissed claims of a privacy breach amid the phone-snatching row sparked by an embattled lawmaker . chief secretary matthew cheung kin-chung ’s remarks came as ted hui chi-fung faced censure and criminal charges for grabbing a female government officer ’s phone earlier this week and dashing into the men ’s toilet . the woman was trying to marshal lawmakers into a meeting to discuss a government bill , but hui felt it was wrong and a breach of privacy for civil servants to monitor their whereabouts . cheung on saturday again defended the action by the female officer , saying it was to ensure a quorum at the meeting . “ the government purely observed [ lawmakers ’ movements ] , ” he said . “ we did this [ to ensure ] the quorum in the meeting was met . we wanted the meeting to proceed smoothly if there was a vote . we did it in a low profile manner and absolutely did not disrupt lawmakers or breach any privacy matthew cheung , chief secretary “ this [ action ] posed no problem at all . we did it in a low-profile manner and absolutely did not disrupt lawmakers or breach any privacy . ” cheung said he had written to legco president andrew leung kwan-yuen , expressing hope that civil servants would be fully protected when they carried out their duties in the building . “ they should be safe and free from disruptions , ” cheung added . despite hui ’s repeated apologies to the woman and to the public , the democratic party suspended his membership indefinitely , pending the outcome of an internal disciplinary hearing . pro-establishment party leaders joined forces on friday in a bid to have him kicked out of legco . new people ’s party chairwoman regina ip lau suk-yee said she had written to the body ’s house committee , asking for a debate on a motion to censure hui . if the committee , made up of lawmakers known to be ip ’s allies , agrees to the request at its weekly meeting next friday , the motion would be tabled by the end of may . this would trigger an investigation , after which the motion would be put to a vote . if two-thirds of lawmakers support it , hui would be booted out of legco . the democratic party said it would decide on its voting stance after the council ’s internal inquiry . other lawmakers either opposed the motion or questioned whether it should even be tabled before the completion of police investigations . according to sources , police have asked for legal advice from the department of justice on possible follow-up actions against hui , and are waiting for directions .
abba is making a comeback after a 35-year hiatus , the swedish troupe announced on instagram on friday . one of their new songs , " i still believe in you , " will be featured on a tv special in december.abba sold hundreds of millions of albums worldwide in the years before their 1983 breakup , and had nine number one hits in the uk between 1974 and 1980 . their tv special will feature avatars portraying the band members as they appeared in 1979 , the year of their third and final tour . after their tv special , the group will launch a world tour beginning in early 2019 . " it 's a pop miracle . " abba 's announcement of a reunion is " the biggest pop news of the 21st century , " said popjustice editor peter robinson . " most fans grudgingly admired abba 's refusal to record new music , but i think we all sometimes daydreamed about the band possibly , maybe , one day having a rethink at the right time , on the right terms and for the right reasons , which seems to be what 's happened here . " the group has turned down many lucrative offers to reunite , including a $ 1 billion proposal in 2000 ... yeah , a billion dollars . " you will never see us on stage again … we do n't need the money , for one thing , " composer björn ulvaeus told billboard in 2014 . the surprise announcement sped through twitter , and people are elated at the news .
manpreet singh , from hisar , india , is unlike most 23-year-olds . he suffers from a rare condition preventing him from developing like an adult . he was born in 1995 a perfectly healthy baby , but he maintained his mere 11 lbs weight before his parents realized he stopped growing before reaching his second birthday.manpreet lives with his aunt and uncle since his parents were n't able to care for the infant properly since he requires 24-hour care.he otherwise looks like a healthy 1-year-old , but due to his perpetual stasis as an infant , his sagging skin and swollen legs prevent him from walking . his 42-year-old aunt , lakhwinder kaur carries him around.manpreet 's aunt , lakhwinder kaur . ( tvn/youtube ) referring to his unfortunate anomaly , insensitive villagers in punjab refer to manpreet as the " pint-sized man . " although he 's unable to feed himself and has to be spoon-fed , he 's able to drink liquids such as tea.in spite of everything , he has a cheerful disposition , according to his uncle karanvir singh , 45 . manpreet giggles like a toddler and seldom gets sad . it 's only when the dogs or any other animal makes a sound , he gets terrified and cries . he is a delightful child and gestures the guests with his hands to sit , and tries to befriend them . manpreet shown here with a friend . ( tvn/youtube ) his aunt added : we love this little bundle of joy so much that the idea of letting him go makes my heart sink.doctors do n't understand why manpreet stopped growing , since his brother and sister developed naturally without the same symptoms , but medical officer mk bhadu believes that hormonal imbalance could be the reason for his disorder.a child begins to develop mentally and physically from the age of three . ' if his body is not developing , the parents should take him to a better medical facility and get him treated.he can still drink liquids on his own . ( tvn/youtube ) however , scientists believe manpreet suffers from a rare genetic disease called the laron syndrome , which affects 300 people around the globe . those afffected with laron syndrome lack the hormone called insulin-like growth factor 1 , or igf-1 , which stimulates cell growth.ketto , india 's version of a crowd-fund campaign , is currently accepting donations to cover expenses for research , and proper treatment after diagnosis . he 's in good hands with a loving aunt and uncle . ( tvn/youtube )
these are the pictures of three adorable endangered bear cubs who have been orphaned after they lost their mother . the syrian brown bears , also known as ursus arctos syriacus , have been left at a rescue centre after they separated from her at a forestry area in the northeastern region of turkey.under the supervision of a caretaker at the celal acar wildlife rescue and rehabilitation centre , the cubs were brought in to receive their treatment - and have been making excellent progress ever since.the little creatures are seen enjoying sunny weather as they lark around in the open air at the rescue based in the karacabey district of bursa.the cubs were seen inspecting all the rocks and trees in the area.and to fuel them for hours of exploring , they feasted on a nice meal of apples and milk being fed through a bottle.according to local media , syrian brown bears are relatively rare.the species is native to mountainous areas in the near east in countries such as syria , lebanon , turkey and iran.the bears are also found in the high forests of the caucasus mountain range which straddles georgia , armenia , azerbaijan and russia.the small subspecies of the brown bear is however threatened by deforestation and poaching.the syrian brown bear is said to have been first mentioned in the bible , which cited the protectiveness of a mother bear towards her cubs proverbially three times.a syrian brown bear was also famously used by allied troops in world war ii as a mascot.bear wojtek served in the 2nd polish corps at the bloody battle of monte casino in italy in 1944 . wojtek helped the polish soldiers to move crates of ammunition and became a huge celebrity among allied top commanders who all wanted a picture with him.after the war , wojtek was honourably discharged from the army and granted a peaceful life at edinburgh zoo , where he died in 1963 . a statue of wojtek still can be admired in princes street gardens in edinburgh .
on saturday , the new york islanders will learn their fate for the upcoming nhl draft.sometimes , it ’s better to be lucky than good.the new jersey devils found that out last offseason , when they overcame all odds to win the first overall pick at the 2017 nhl draft . they used that selection on nico hischier , who helped them go from last in the conference to a playoff spot in just one season.the new york islanders are hoping that they will have some of that same luck on saturday night . here ’s what to look for at the 2018 draft lottery in toronto . what ’s at stake : the 15 clubs that did n’t qualify for the playoffs are entered into a lottery , whose three drawings will determine the top three picks in the upcoming draft.with one of the top three picks , the islanders would be slotted to snag one of the top players in the draft — rasmus dahlin , andrei svechnikov and filip zadina among them.with john tavares ’ future status unknown , the isles need all the help they can get this summer . winning the lottery would be an impressive first step.the odds : the islanders own two first-round picks this year : their own , and the calgary flames ’ selection , as part of the travis hamonic swap.thus , they have a combined 6.0 percent chance of getting the first selection , and a 19.6 percent chance of earning a top-three pick.the event : on saturday , league officials in toronto will set the draft order by a drawing of ping pong balls.representatives from all 14 teams ( since the isles hold two of the fifteen picks ) will be in attendance , while fans can follow from home on the nbc sports network starting at 7:30 pm . picks 15 through four will be revealed before the start of the vegas golden knights-san jose sharks game , while the top-three selections will be announced during the second intermission of that contest.can the isles snag a coveted top-three spot or will they have to wait to select some game-changing players ? saturday night will reveal what isles fans have to look forward to next season . while the islanders do n't own a first-round pick in the upcoming lottery draft , things could get interesting — … the new york islanders made a trade and drafted a couple of prospects at the lottery draft on … the new york rangers are hoping to get lucky in the nhl lottery selection land a top-three pick …
simple and healthy lemon coriander soup recipe , which is very easy and a vitamin c rich food . this is not only healthy , but also a very good food to start your day in a refreshing manner . i am not really a weight loss person , but often give it a try j. for all those successful weight watchers and calorie counters , here is the exotic recipe of lemon and coriander soup . it has a salty , tangy and refreshing taste that is enjoyable in all four seasons . have it with some crispy toasted brown bread , and you will have a lovely wholesome meal . soup is a great alternate when my children grow weary of daal ( lentil ) . i must mention that i do not have as many episodes wherein my kids really refuse the food i serve them , not because they taste so good , but because i am blessed with darling kids . i never had to face many tantrums , regarding food or anything else , as others speak of their children . the lemon and coriander combination is really loved in my house . i do not feel the inclination for feeding my family what they do n’t like , all in the sake of good health . and you should n’t too . therefore , i intend to share customizable recipes at large . choose your favorite vegetables for this soup , but keep in mind whether that goes well with the coriander and lemon . if you like mushroom , it will go very good for this soup . others can be cauliflower , broccoli and raw papaya . i love soup and just last week i also published vegetable sweet corn soup , which all of you liked . just like sweet corn soup this soup recipe is also very easy and yummy . i have used green chilly to make it spicy but if you are making this for the kids then you can skip it . i learnt this soup recipe from my aunty in gorakhpur . she prepare this simply awesome . wish i could too . but i have tried to give it the taste like my aunt ’s recipe . it amuses me how everything is available in the market nowadays , in a packaged processed form , from vegetable stock to lemon juice . and what amazes me the most , is that people solely rely on those , and throw away the “ real ” vegetable stock they get . anyways , to each one his/her own , but what i do is make my own stock and a bottle of it perpetually stays in my fridge , that i update every few days . i use whatever vegetables i get to make it . i usually buy organic vegetables and fruits , from the local market , and avoid off-season veggies , as they are usually chemical treated . i venture to super market to buy the “ super discounted ” grocery stuffj . i am not using any oil and spice tempering in this recipe . if you like , you can give it a garlic tempering . i am also using maggi cubes for added taste you can skip that too . you can add some flat noodles in it as well . my advice to you when making this soup is keep the salt in check , and always taste it 2-3times before adding more salt . i have used coriander ( dhaniya patta ) and celery stalk which you can easily buy from your local market . it adds to the flavor . but you can skip celery , if you do n’t want . follow these steps to make an awesome lemon coriander soup at home . lemon coriander soup recipe video in hindi lemon and coriander soup ( vitamin c rich ) lemon coriander soup is a clear soup with fresh vegetables and flavour of lemon and coriander leaves . it 's a very easy soup recipe and a healthy one . course : appetizer cuisine : indian servings : 4 -5 author : reshu drolia ingredients ingredients : 70 grams chopped coriander leaves 1 stick celery stalk with leaves 1 medium sized onion 1-2 pieces of green chilly 1 cup finely chopped mixed vegetables cabbage , french beans , carrot , and spinach 1/2 tsp white pepper powder salt to taste 4 cups of vegetable stock or as required 1 tsp cornflour 1 maggi magic cube 1 tsp lemon juice instructions to make chilli coriander paste : put chopped coriander leaves , celery stalk , roughly chopped onion , green chilly into mixer grinder . grind into a fine paste by adding little water . chilli coriander paste is ready . put 4 cups of vegetable stock in a pan and bring it to boil . once the vegetable stock starts boiling add 2 tsp of chilli coriander paste and mix it well . now add finely chopped mixed vegetables , mix it well and cook for 3-4 minutes on medium flame till the veggies become little soft . now add salt to taste , white pepper powder , mix it well and cook for a minute . let ’s make the cornflour paste : to make cornflour paste , put 1 tsp of cornflour and 2 tbsp of water in a bowl and dilute the cornflour . when the mixture starts boiling , pour cornflour paste , mix it well and bring it to boil . lastly add maggi magic cube , lemon juice , mix it well and bring it to boil . lemon coriander soup is ready to serve . serve hot . recipe notes if you do not have maggi magic cubes then skip it . how to make lemon coriander soup : to make chilli coriander paste : start by put chopped coriander leaves , celery stalk , roughly chopped onion , green chilly into mixer grinder . grind into a fine paste by adding little water . chilli coriander paste is ready . put 4 cups of vegetable stock in a pan and bring it to boil . once the vegetable stock starts boiling add 2 tsp of chilli coriander paste and mix it well . now add finely chopped mixed vegetables , mix it well and cook for 3-4 minutes on medium flame till the veggies become little soft . now add salt to taste , white pepper powder , mix it well and cook for a minute . let ’s make the cornflour paste : to make cornflour paste , put 1 tsp of cornflour and 2 tbsp of water in a bowl and dilute the cornflour . when the mixture starts boiling , pour cornflour paste , mix it well and bring it to boil . lastly add maggi magic cube , lemon juice , mix it well and bring it to boil . lemon coriander soup is ready to serve .
how to make makhane ki kheer dessert recipe makhane ki kheer is an easy and healthy indian dessert which is often used during fasting . it is also known as fox nuts and lotus seeds . course : dessert cuisine : indian servings : 4 calories : 373 kcal author : reshu drolia ingredients 5 cups whole milk 100 gm white makhanas 1/2 tsp elaichi powder cardamom 2 tbsp sugar or as needed 8-10 saffron crushed , soaked in 1 tsp . warm milk ( kesar ) 5 almonds badam 6-8 pieces raisins kishmish 1 tsp ghee instructions heat ghee in a pan and add makhana to it . fry makhana on a low heat by stirring them continuously for 5 mins or until their colour gets changed and keep aside . boil milk in a pan on low flames stirring it ocassional so that it does n't get burnt or fall out of the pan . when the milk becomes slightly thick or reduces to half add soaked saffron and makhana into it . chop almond to slivers . add sugar , raisins , cardamom and almonds . stir it well until the sugar grains disappear in milk , simmer for 5 minutes . then , turn off the heat serve the makhana kheer hot or cold . recipe notes if you have makhana in larger size then cut makhana into halves . nutrition facts how to make makhane ki kheer dessert recipe amount per serving ( 1 serve ) calories 373 calories from fat 153 % daily value * total fat 17g 26 % saturated fat 6g 30 % cholesterol 33 mg 11 % sodium 131 mg 5 % potassium 423 mg 12 % total carbohydrates 38g 13 % sugars 21g protein 11g 22 % vitamin a 9.9 % calcium 34.8 % iron 0.8 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make makhane ki kheer : fry makhana on a low heat by stirring them continuously for 5 mins or until their colour gets changed and keep aside . boil milk in a pan on low flames stirring it ocassional so that it does n’t get burnt or fall out of the pan . when the milk becomes slightly thick or reduces to half add soaked saffron and makhana into it . add sugar , raisins , cardamom and almonds . stir it well until the sugar grains disappear in milk , simmer for 5 minutes . then , turn off the heat . serve the makhana kheer hot or cold . note : if you have makhana in larger size then cut makhana into halves .
this milkshake is made with vermicilli ( falooda ) mixed with strawberry jelly and milk . its very easy to make . falooda jelly milk shake - milkshake recipe in hindi course : drinks cuisine : indian author : reshu drolia ingredients ingredients : 2 cups milk 2 tablespoon sugar 2 tablespoon condensed milk 1 tablespoon subza seeds 1 cup boiled rice noodles / falooda 1 packet strawberry jelly chopped dry fruits instructions ) make rex strawberry jelly as per pack method and keep aside for cool . ) put water in a bowl and soaked subza seed in enough water . allow the seeds to bloom . they will begin to swell within 15-30 mts of soaking . when you observe a transparent jelly like coating over the seed , they are ready for use . ) take some water in a pan ; let it come to a rolling boil . add falooda sev , let it cook for 2 minutes . switch off the flame and leave falooda in hot water for 5 minutes . drain it and rinse it with cold water . ) meanwhile take milk and sugar in the pan . let it come to a boil on medium heat . put condensed milk and then lower the heat and let it simmer for 5-7 minutes . then chill it in the refrigerator . milk becomes little thick . ) take a tall serving glass and pour jelly cubes in it . ) add 2 tsp of subza seed and 2tbsp falooda over it . ) pour ¾ cup of chilled sweetened milk over it and top with cut dry fruits and few drops of rose syrup . ) falooda with strawberry jelly shake is ready to serve . ) you can have the drink immediately or store the drink in refrigerator and have it after few hours . how to make falooda jelly milk shake : make rex strawberry jelly as per pack method and keep aside for cool . put water in a bowl and soaked subza seed in enough water . allow the seeds to bloom . they will begin to swell within 15-30 mts of soaking . when you observe a transparent jelly like coating over the seed , they are ready for use . take some water in a pan ; let it come to a rolling boil . add falooda sev , let it cook for 2 minutes . switch off the flame and leave falooda in hot water for 5 minutes . drain it and rinse it with cold water . meanwhile take milk and sugar in the pan . let it come to a boil on medium heat . put condensed milk and then lower the heat and let it simmer for 5-7 minutes . then chill it in the refrigerator . milk becomes little thick . take a tall serving glass and pour jelly cubes in it . add 2 tsp of subza seed and 2tbsp falooda over it . pour ¾ cup of chilled sweetened milk over it and top with cut dry fruits and few drops of rose syrup . falooda with strawberry jelly shake is ready to serve . you can have the drink immediately or store the drink in refrigerator and have it after few hours .
do you want to learn how to make nariyal ki chatni at home . then this the best place to learn nariyal ki chutney recipe in hindi . nariyal ki chutney is made from desiccated coconut powder and roasted bengal gram . it ’s a great accompaniment for many south indian dishes . it goes well with idly , dosa , uttappam etc. nariyal ki chutney for idly and dosa - coconut recipe do you want to learn how to make nariyal ki chatni at home . then this the best place to learn nariyal ki chatni recipe in hindi . nariyal ki chutney is made from desiccated coconut powder and roasted bengal gram . it 's a great accompaniment for many south indian dishes . it goes well with idly , dosa , utaappam etc. course : chutney cuisine : indian servings : 3 calories : 178 kcal author : reshu drolia ingredients 50 gm chana dal 50 gm desiccated coconut coconut powder 2 pieces green chilly optional salt to taste for tempering : 1 tbsp oil 1 piece red chilly broken into two 1 curry leaves few sprig coriander leaves optional water as needed ½ tsp mustard seeds instructions begin by roast chana dal on low flame , till it turns light brown in colour . when dal get roasted add water and soak it for at least an hour so that it become soft and easy to grind . add soak dal , dessicated coconut , green chily , coriander leaves and water as required and grind it into a fine paste . now add salt to taste and mix it well . nariyal ki chutney3 heat oil for tempering . add mustard seeds , red chilli and curry leaves and stirring till the mustard seeds crackle . pour this tempering over the chutney and mix well . nariyal ki chutney is ready to serve . serve with idli , dosa , besan ka chilla , dhokla etc . recipe notes notes : do n’t keep the chutney outside for the longer time it should be consumed fresh or in a day . if you have to keep it for some hours then keep it in refrigerator . nutrition facts nariyal ki chutney for idly and dosa - coconut recipe amount per serving ( 1 serve ) calories 178 calories from fat 135 % daily value * total fat 15g 23 % saturated fat 9g 45 % sodium 10 mg 0 % potassium 200 mg 6 % total carbohydrates 8g 3 % dietary fiber 4g 16 % sugars 2g protein 3g 6 % vitamin a 2.9 % vitamin c 34.2 % calcium 0.4 % iron 7 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make nariyal ki chatni : begin by roasting chana dal on low flame , till it turns light brown in colour . when dal get roasted add water and soak it for at least an hour so that it become soft and easy to grind . add soak dal , dessicated coconut , green chily , coriander leaves and water as required and grind it into a fine paste . now add salt to taste and mix it well heat oil for tempering . add mustard seeds , red chilli and curry leaves and stirring till the mustard seeds crackle . pour this tempering over the chutney and mix well . nariyal ki chutney is ready to serve . serve with idli , dosa , besan ka chilla , dhokla etc . notes : do n’t keep the chutney outside for the longer time it should be consumed fresh or in a day . if you have to keep it for some hours then keep it in refrigerator .
gond ka laddo is a very popular dish in india . it ’s made up of wheat flour mixed with edible gums and nuts which become very rich in taste . gond or edible gum crystals are available in small pieces which are cooked before eating . generally , we fry these gum crystals with ghee and mix with wheat flour but in this recipe , i have n’t fried i used this gum crystals at last when the wheat flour is about to get roasted . saute it for 5 to 6 mins gums will all fluffs up due to heat . i went to my friend ’s house and there she made gond ka laddo and added the edible gums ( without frying ) directly to the roasted wheat flour and really laddo was awesome and gums were fully cooked . gond ka laddo is good for health . since it has lots of dry-fruits &amp; nuts , it is very good for new mothers and children which provide heat and instant energy to the body . these laddoos are very good during winters and can be kept for many days in airtight container . how to make gond ke laddu recipe course : dessert cuisine : indian servings : 25 pcs calories : 260 kcal author : reshu drolia ingredients 500 gm wheat flour 50 gm edible gum 250 gm ground sugar 400 gm ghee 10-12 piece badam chopped instructions heat ghee in a heavy bottom pan , when the ghee becomes hot adds the whole wheat flour and roasts it in a pan over slow flame . stir continuously till the flour turns golden brown in colour . when you find the wheat flour has change its colour and about to get roasted add edible gum . gum will fluffs up almost double within few mins . i have n’t deep fried the edible gum as its fluff up automatically due to the heat of wheat flour mix with ghee . now the wheat flour has been roasted and nice aroma is coming . turn off the heat and add chopped almonds and mix it well . allow to cool until it can be touched by hand comfortably . now add powdered sugar to the roasted wheat flour and mix well . take small handfuls in your palm and roll them into round shape laddoos , if you find it difficult to shape the laddus , add a little melted ghee . store in airtight container . add dry fruits according to your taste . nutrition facts how to make gond ke laddu recipe amount per serving ( 1 pcs ) calories 260 calories from fat 144 % daily value * total fat 16g 25 % saturated fat 9g 45 % cholesterol 40 mg 13 % sodium 58 mg 2 % potassium 30 mg 1 % total carbohydrates 26g 9 % dietary fiber 2g 8 % sugars 10g protein 2g 4 % calcium 0.4 % iron 5.2 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make gond ka laddu : heat ghee in a heavy bottom pan , when the ghee becomes hot adds the whole wheat flour and roasts it in a pan over slow flame . at the time of roasting if the quantity of ghee is less then add ghee accordingly.see the picture as wheat flour has absorbed all the ghee and it becomes dry so i have added more ghee accordingly . stir continuously till the flour turns golden brown in colour . when you find the wheat flour has change its colour and about to get roasted add edible gum . gum will fluffs up almost double within few mins . i have n’t deep fried the edible gum as its fluff up automatically due to the heat of wheat flour mix with ghee . now the wheat flour has been roasted and nice aroma is coming . turn off the heat and add chopped almonds and mix it well . allow to cool until it can be touched by hand comfortably . now add powdered sugar to the roasted wheat flour and mix well . take small handfuls in your palm and roll them into round shape laddoos , if you find it difficult to shape the laddus , add a little melted ghee . add dry fruits according to your taste .
this dhania panjiri recipe is a very popular krishna janmashtami vrat recipe . it ’s generally prepared during janmashtami . it has a rich aroma and taste . it ’s pretty divine indian recipe . dhaniya panjiri vrat recipe servings : 4 calories : 240 kcal author : reshu ingredients 100 gms coriander seed sukha dhaniya ¼ cup dry coconut grated 4-5 pieces almonds chopped into slivers 2-3 tbsp ghee ½ cup sugar powder 10-12 piece makhana foxnut instructions put 1 1/2 tbsp of ghee in a pan and dry roast the coriander seed on medium low flame till it becomes light brown and fragrant . keep on stirring so that it gets evenly roasted . once the seed get roasted allow it to cool down completely . second method is grind coriander seed into powder and then roast till a nice aroma is emitted . meanwhile cut makhana into halves and roast it . for roasting put ghee in a frying pan and add makhana and roast it on medium low flame until light brown in colour . keep on stirring . once the makhana gets roasted put chopped almonds and grated dry coconut , mix it well and roast it for further 2 minutes . remove and set it aside . take a jar and grind roasted coriander seeds into powder . it does n't have to be super fine powder but slightly coarse . transfer the coriander powder in a bowl and add roasted makhana mixture , mix it until well combined . lastly add powdered sugar , 1 tsp of ghee and mix it well again . dhaniya panjiri is ready . enjoy this yummy prasad on the auspicious occasion of janmashtami !! recipe notes you can add chopped cashew nuts and raisins also . nutrition facts dhaniya panjiri vrat recipe amount per serving ( 10 g ) calories 240 calories from fat 135 % daily value * total fat 15g 23 % saturated fat 7g 35 % cholesterol 19 mg 6 % sodium 11 mg 0 % potassium 382 mg 11 % total carbohydrates 30g 10 % dietary fiber 10g 40 % sugars 14g protein 3g 6 % vitamin c 6.4 % calcium 18.7 % iron 25.7 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make dhaniya panjiri : put 1 1/2 tbsp of ghee in a pan and dry roast the coriander seed on medium low flame till it becomes light brown and fragrant . keep on stirring so that it gets evenly roasted . once the seed get roasted allow it to cool down completely . second method is grind coriander seed into powder and then roast till a nice aroma is emitted . meanwhile cut makhana into halves and roast it . for roasting put ghee in a frying pan and add makhana and roast it on medium low flame until light brown in colour . keep on stirring . once the makhana gets roasted put chopped almonds and grated dry coconut , mix it well and roast it for further 2 minutes . remove and set it aside . take a jar and grind roasted coriander seeds into powder . it does n’t have to be super fine powder but slightly coarse . transfer the coriander powder in a bowl and add roasted makhana mixture , mix it until well combined . lastly add powdered sugar , 1 tsp of ghee and mix it well again . dhaniya panjiri is ready . enjoy this yummy prasad on the auspicious occasion of janmashtami !! note : you can add chopped cashew nuts and raisins also .
have you ever tried green chutney recipe made from pudina ( mint ) and dhaniya ? not ! then you must try this green coriander mint chutney . this chutney recipe video in hindi will give you a perfect flavor with every indian food , be it chaat , samosa , rice , roti or anything else . coriander and mint leaves creates a magical flavor , which in turn gives rich aroma . this chutney can be served with sandwich , momos etc. we have used raw mango pieces , lahsun ( garlic ) and ginger in this chutney recipe , to give it a tangy taste . but you can add lime juice in place of mango pieces . few green chillies also added to make it spicy . you may also like : tomato chutney , nariyal ki chutney , tamarind ( imli ) ki chutney , etc green chutney recipe-5 minutes recipe for sandwich and chaat green chutney recipe made from coriander and mint leaves . course : chutney cuisine : indian servings : 10 calories : 87 kcal author : reshu drolia ingredients 11/2 cup mint leaves 1 cup coriander leaves ½ inch ginger 4 garlic cloves 2 piece green chilly chopped ¼ tsp salt ¼ tsp rock salt raw mango optional 2 tablespoon water instructions take a jar of grinder and put all the above ingredients ( except salt and rock salt ) . grind until smooth , thick or medium coarse consistency . take out the chutney in a bowl and put salt , rock salt and mix it well . mint chutney is ready to serve . serve this chutney with samosa , kachori , sandwiches , etc . store it in an airtight container for 3-4 days in refrigerator . recipe notes you can add lemon juice instead of raw mango.make the consistency of chutney thinner for bhelpuri or chaat . nutrition facts green chutney recipe-5 minutes recipe for sandwich and chaat amount per serving ( 1 serve ) calories 87 calories from fat 9 % daily value * total fat 1g 2 % sodium 204 mg 9 % potassium 1202 mg 34 % total carbohydrates 17g 6 % dietary fiber 4g 16 % sugars 2g protein 6g 12 % vitamin a 48.7 % vitamin c 173.8 % calcium 35.7 % iron 62.9 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make green dhaniya pudina ki chutney : take a jar of grinder and put all the above ingredients ( except salt and rock salt ) . grind until smooth , thick or medium coarse consistency . take out the chutney in a bowl and put salt , rock salt and mix it well . mint chutney is ready to serve . serve this chutney with samosa , kachori , sandwiches , etc. store it in an airtight container for 3-4 days in refrigerator . notes : you can add lemon juice instead of raw mango . make the consistency of chutney thinner for bhelpuri or chaat .
हिंदी में पढ़िए bread gulab jamun recipe in hindi instant bread gulab jamun recipe - indian dessert course : desserts cuisine : indian servings : 30 calories : 33 kcal author : reshu drolia ingredients 8 slices white bread ½ cup full cream milk oil to fry for sugar syrup : 100 gm sugar 1 ½ cup water ½ tsp cardamom powder instructions take deep heavy bottom pan , put sugar , water and bring it to boil on low flame . once the sugar gets dissolve keep the flame on medium heat and put cardamom powder and cook till the sugar syrup becomes sticky and has 1 thread consistency . when a drop of syrup is stretched between your index finger and thumb , you get a single wire . always keep the sugar syrup ready before frying the gulab jamuns . bread gulabjamun : trim the sides of bread . take a bowl and break all the bread into small pieces . put milk with cream gradually and knead the bread mixture into smooth soft dough without any cracks . if you wish you can even blend it in a blender to make smooth soft dough . make small balls by rolling a little dough between your palms . do n’t apply pressure while rolling and also do n’t roll them tight ... the balls should be smooth . size depends on your choice . they double in size when soaked in syrup . heat oil in a pan , when the oil becomes hot ; keep the flame to low and drop few balls at a time , do not over crowd the pan . keep rolling with the laddle so that it ’s fried evenly on all sides . fry the gulab jamuns till its turn brown in colour . drain them on a kitchen tissue , immediately drop to the hot syrup and let it rest for 2 hrs for the jamuns to absorb the sugar syrup well . serve warm or chilled as per your preference . recipe notes if you keep the flame on high while frying , the gulab jamuns will turn brown faster but the inside will remain uncooked . so fry the gulab jamuns on very low flame.as milk is added this keeps well only for 2 days ( refrigerated ) . you can even use brown bread to make gulab jamuns . nutrition facts instant bread gulab jamun recipe - indian dessert amount per serving calories 33 % daily value * sodium 35 mg 1 % potassium 13 mg 0 % total carbohydrates 6g 2 % sugars 3g vitamin a 0.1 % calcium 2.2 % iron 1.3 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make bread gulab jamun : how to make syrup : take deep heavy bottom pan , put sugar , water and bring it to boil on low flame . once the sugar gets dissolve keep the flame on medium heat and put cardamom powder and cook till the sugar syrup becomes sticky and has 1 thread consistency . when a drop of syrup is stretched between your index finger and thumb , you get a single wire . always keep the sugar syrup ready before frying the gulab jamuns . making bread gulab jamun : take a bowl and break all the bread into small pieces . put milk with cream gradually and knead the bread mixture into smooth soft dough without any cracks . if you wish you can even blend it in a blender to make smooth soft dough . make small balls by rolling a little dough between your palms . do n’t apply pressure while rolling and also do n’t roll them tight … the balls should be smooth . size depends on your choice . they double in size when soaked in syrup . heat oil in a pan , when the oil becomes hot ; keep the flame to low and drop few balls at a time , do not over crowd the pan . keep rolling with the laddle so that it ’s fried evenly on all sides . fry the gulab jamuns till its turn brown in colour . drain them on a kitchen tissue , immediately drop to the hot syrup and let it rest for 2 hrs for the jamuns to absorb the sugar syrup well . serve warm or chilled as per your preference . note : if you keep the flame on high while frying , the gulab jamuns will turn brown faster but the inside will remain uncooked . so fry the gulab jamuns on very low flame . as milk is added this keeps well only for 2 days ( refrigerated ) . you can even use brown bread to make gulab jamuns .
nariyal ki barfi | coconut barfi for vrats and upvas . nariyal ki barfi is an important recipe during vrats and upvas . hey … this is a very simple and easy way of making nariya ki barfi yourself . nariyal ki barfi is a popular indian dessert which is made from coconut . this nariyal ki barfi recipe is made without khoya , but it can be made by adding khoya also . coconut barfi is mostly made during occasion , like janamashtami , diwali etc. may mother used to make this barfi at home regularly and we were alway in a hurry to eat these . sometimes we sisters used to fight with each other for this . read this recipe in hindi ? how to make nariyal ki barfi in my in-laws side , this is must for janmashtami . though the method of making barfi is somewhat different but taste was equally good at all the places . you can easily make nariyal ki barfi at home with this recipe and it ’s very easy . i have made barfi , but you can make nariyal ke ladoo also following the same recipe . i have not used milkmaid in this recipe but you can use it if you want . i have seen many chefs such as sanjeev kapoor , uses some other methods . here is the recipe of coconut barfi by using coconut and milk . how to make nariyal ki barfi without khoya ( coconut barfi ) : start by taking a large bowl combine coconut and milk and keep aside for an hour . heat a heavy bottom pan with few drops of ghee and put the coconut-mixture on low flame keep on stirring the coconut mixture on low flame so that it does not stick to the bottom of the pan . when all the milk gets absorbed and the mixture becomes dry add sugar and stir keep stirring continuously till the sugar gets melt and bubbles starts forming at the edges . 6 . after 5-6 mins all the moisture is absorbed , it will start thickening and form a mass without sticking and starts leaving the sides of the pan . 7 . add cardamom powder and few drops of colour and mix it well . 8 . grease a large plate with ghee and pour the coconut mixture onto it . 9 . spread it evenly and make it cool . 10 . now cut the barfi into diamond or square shape . 11 . cover with silver leaf and serve . note : 1 you can add nuts according to your taste . nariyal barfi recipe in hindi - vrat recipe nariyal ki barfi is a popular indian dessert which is made of coconut . this barfi can be made in several ways by using coconut or desiccated coconut . it is most often made in occassion like janamashtami , diwali etc. coconut barfi can be made by adding khoya and without adding khoya . here is the recipe by using coconut and milk . servings : 5 calories : 238 kcal author : reshu drolia ingredients 100 gm desiccated coconut 1 glass milk ghee to grease 100 gm sugar ½ tsp elaichi powder few drops orange food colour edible silver foil varq – 2 sheets instructions start by taking a large bowl combine coconut and milk and keep aside for an hour . heat a heavy bottom pan with few drops of ghee and put the coconut-mixture on low flame . keep on stirring the coconut mixture on low flame so that it does not stick to the bottom of the pan . when all the milk gets absorbed and the mixture becomes dry add sugar and stir . keep stirring continuously till the sugar gets melt and bubbles starts forming at the edges . after 5-6 mins all the moisture is absorbed , it will start thickening and form a mass without sticking and starts leaving the sides of the pan . add cardamom powder and few drops of colour and mix it well . grease a large plate with ghee and pour the coconut mixture onto it . spread it evenly and make it cool . now cut the barfi into diamond or square shape . cover with silver leaf and serve . recipe notes 1 you can add nuts according to your taste . nutrition facts nariyal barfi recipe in hindi - vrat recipe amount per serving calories 238 calories from fat 126 % daily value * total fat 14g 22 % saturated fat 12g 60 % cholesterol 4 mg 1 % sodium 27 mg 1 % potassium 170 mg 5 % total carbohydrates 27g 9 % dietary fiber 3g 12 % sugars 23g protein 2g 4 % vitamin a 1.5 % vitamin c 0.4 % calcium 5.9 % iron 3.7 % * percent daily values are based on a 2000 calorie diet . how to make kesaria meetha chaawal | indian sweet …
easily lost amid the news of gmail 's biggest redesign in years was the revelation that the company also launched a new to-do list app to supplement gmail 's new productivity features . called tasks , the app integrates with your gmail inbox to make managing your to-do list easier . tasks , which is available for ios and android , is deceptively simple : you can create lists of to-do items and check them off once they 're completed . but the real power of the service is when you use it directly from your inbox . with the new gmail design , you can opt to add something to your tasks without ever navigating away from the message image : googleinstead , your task list appears in a sidebar to the right of your email . from there , you can add extra details , like dates and sub-tasks . unfortunately , you ca n't add times or use more advanced features , like priority ranking , common in other apps . ( it 's likely google plans to add more features over time , though . ) but , despite its flaws , the tasks app has powerful thing going for it : it 's at fingertips every time you read your email . and that already makes it much easier to ensure your most important items get on your list in the first place .
this has been a major week for the british royal family . earlier this week , prince william and kate middleton welcomed their third child — and second son — into the world . as one of a sibling trio , i know three kids can be a handful for parents . but prince william 's funniest quotes about being a dad show that this royal dad has it handled.on monday , april 23 , middleton gave birth to her new son , prince louis arthur charles , in the lindo wing of st. mary 's hospital in west london at 11 a.m. local time , according to people . it 's the same location where the duchess of cambridge delivered her first two children , 4-year-old prince george and 2-year-old princess charlotte . kensington palace announced prince louis in a tweet early monday morning , stating , her royal highness the duchess of cambridge was safely delivered of a son at 1101 hrs . the baby weighs 8 lbs 7oz . the duke of cambridge was present for the birth . her royal highness and her child are both doing well . " prince william has had a lot to say about his two little darlings and his role as a father over the years — and some of his quips are pretty hilarious and totally relatable . just read these five quotes to get a sense of his funny bone.on prince george 's first day of schoolthis has been a major week for the british royal family . earlier this week , prince william and kate middleton welcomed their third child — and second son — into the world . as one of a sibling trio , i know three kids can be a handful for parents . but prince william 's funniest quotes about being a dad show that this royal dad has it handled.on monday , april 23 , middleton gave birth to her new son , prince louis arthur charles , in the lindo wing of st. mary 's hospital in west london at 11 a.m. local time , according to people . it 's the same location where the duchess of cambridge delivered her first two children , 4-year-old prince george and 2-year-old princess charlotte . kensington palace announced prince louis in a tweet early monday morning , stating , her royal highness the duchess of cambridge was safely delivered of a son at 1101 hrs . the baby weighs 8 lbs 7oz . the duke of cambridge was present for the birth . her royal highness and her child are both doing well . " prince william has had a lot to say about his two little darlings and his role as a father over the years — and some of his quips are pretty hilarious and totally relatable . just read these five quotes to get a sense of his funny bone.on prince george 's first day of schoolwhen asked about parenting a daughter , william had this to say about princess charlotte , according to independent.ie : i think she 's going to be trouble when she 's older . all fathers say that.what i love about this quote is that he is completely self-aware about his comment . the troupe about the " troublesome daughter " is pervasive , but it does n't seem prince william 100 percent buys it , which is why this quote is funny.on prince george 's tv habitnothing gets between my son and nature cat ( or cat in the hat or wally kazaam ! ) , so i can more than relate to prince william when he talks about prince george 's tv habit . in an interview with bbcradio 1 , the duke of cambridge said , according to hello ! magazine : some of them are really good but you have to pretend you 're really interested because george gets very upset if you 're not showing due diligence to the characters.on the birth of his first childafter the birth of prince george , prince william said , according to us weekly : as you might have gathered , catherine and i have recently become proud parents — of a baby who has a voice to match any lion 's roar ! he 's pretty loud but of course very good looking!ok , so this quote is a bit of a classic dad joke , and that makes it all the more funny . why ? because who would really imagine a royal making a dad joke . it 's just unexpected , which shows that prince william is actually pretty down to earth .
a prayer for a blameless heartby alistair beggi will deliver you out of the hand of the wicked , and redeem you from the grasp of the ruthless . - jeremiah 15:21 notice the personal nature of this promise : " i will . " the lord jehovah himself intervenes to deliver and redeem his people . he pledges himself personally to rescue them . his own arm shall do it , in order that he may have the glory . not a word is said of any effort of our own that may be needed to assist the lord . neither our strength nor our weakness is taken into account , but the lone " i , " like the sun in the heavens , shines out resplendent in complete sufficiency . why then do we allow ourselves to be wounded by calculating our forces and consulting with mere men ? god has enough power without borrowing from our puny arm.to enjoy peace , our unbelieving thoughts must be stilled , and we must learn that the lord reigns . there is not even a hint of help from any secondary source . the lord says nothing of friends and helpers : he undertakes the work alone and feels no need of human arms to aid him . all our lookings around to companions and relatives are vain ; they are broken reeds if we lean upon them — often unwilling when able , and unable when they are willing . since the promise comes from god alone , it is best for us to wait only on him ; and when we do so , our expectation never fails us.heavenly father , give us the courage to face each new day with all its challenges . remind us that you are greater than our perception of who you are , and in all things , you prevail . amen .
some research shows that dogs actually have a sense of humor — something that all dog owners would definitely agree with . dogs seem to get themselves into all sorts of bizarre situations and they definitely know how to make some hilarious faces . luckily , almost everybody has smartphones these days and can capture these precious moments in an instant . and when snapchat gets put in the mix , these pics turn into funny masterpieces .1 . hey , what are you doing down there ? 3 . hello , did you miss me ? 4 . “ i ’m a cool guy . ” 5 . “ maaaaa , max is doing it again ! ” 6 . two dogs in one ! 7 . “ yay , let ’s going shopping ! ” 8 . an agreement was eventually made .9 . when your dog belongs in the harry potter movies : 10 . the moment you realize that you ’re in big trouble : 11 . this new breed is very unique .12 . oops ... 13 . you ’ve got the look .14 . really ? and what are you going to do about it ? 15 . hello human , how are you doing ? 16 . you know who the boss is .17 . “ how can i help you ? ” 18 . “ mom , can you reassemble me , please ? ” 19 . gone with the wind ! 20 . personal safety equipment comes first .21 . “ deep inside , i am a rooster . ” 22 . “ can you get that thing off me ? ” 23 . we do n’t deserve dogs .24 . “ hold on , brother . ” do you have your own photos that would fit into this collection ? show us in the comments below and share this article with your friends !
we ’ve got screenshots , gameplay details and even a release date ! several details for pes 2019 , the next entry in konami ’s soccer game series pro evolution soccer , have recently leaked online . there are leaked screenshots , gameplay features and a possible release date : august 30th . the leak originated from a hong kong playstation store webpage that is currently unavailable . however , the url of the webpage still has a part that says “ pes-2019 ” . it is currently unknown which platforms pes 2019 will come out on but one could reasonably presume that it ’ll be available on the pc , ps4 and xbox one . here ’s a list of gameplay features : authentic leagues : huge addition of licensed leagues new myclub : every element has been redone , from how you sign players , to special versions of players released throughout the year magic moments : player individuality taken to the next level with 11 new skill traits , score great goals with improved shooting motion and animation and see stamina have an impact with visible fatigue the beautiful game : photo-realism with stunning animation flow in 4k hdr ml real season : experience life as a real manager with 3 significant changes : icc pre-season , in-depth transfer system and new league licenses the last game in the pes series , pes 2018 , got solid reviews but our review gave the game a 63 out of 100 score . “ pes 2018 is great off the pitch , but its very foundation begins to disintegrate when the whistle blows for kick-off , ” our reviewer wrote . “ if you ’re only planning to play co-op modes with friends , then pes 2018 is a blast – even though it ’s not quite possible to play a slower , methodical match against another human due the openness of the pitch and the ease of stringing together an incisive passing move . ” source the post loads of new details for pes 2019 have recently leaked appeared first on cogconnected .
retrievers have been one of the most popular breeds in the world for many years and there ’s a good reason why . they are super-friendly and love everybody , the ’re lots of fun and full of silly energy , plus they are simply always happy . the pictures below show you why we all love retrievers and do n’t miss the touching bonus at the end .1 . they know how to have fun .2 . they are great at landscaping .3 . they know how to change color .4 . they are great team players .5 . they look after others .6 . they are very romantic .7 . they are very loyal .8 . they eat anything , even water .9 . or fire ... 10 . snow is good for eating too .11 . they ’re ready for any challenge .12 . they know how to respect their elders .13 . their photobombing skills are unbeatable .14 . they know how to exercise .15 . they make good pillows .16 . that ’s a very comfy chair .17 . what ’s better than one retriever ? 5 retrievers .18 . i am upside-down dog .19 . oops , i did it again .20 . the water got lab tested .21 . let ’s skip the middleman , put the food directly in my mouth .22 . retriever invasion23 . besties foreverbonus : bretagne , the last 9/11 ground zero service dogin this bonus , we want to ask you to remember those dogs who work on rescue teams , with blind or disable people , or who help firefighters . we want to highlight the story about bretagne , a golden retriever who was a search-and-rescue dog that worked at many different places including the rubble of the world trade center site looking for survivors . for her last walk , she received an honor wall and salute . she has also been honored with a statue in her home town . rip , bretagne , thank you for your service .
on the subway , you can meet just about anyone , from people in uniform and party costumes to bright and stylish characters . each day they amuse , surprise , and even inspire us with their eccentric imagery . we ’d like to show you some of the most unique people we could ever find on the subway.no one wants to lose a bet.you ca n’t help but touch him.true freedom is when you feel at home wherever you are.harry potter and the subway mysteryfreddy goes to work too.even emperors use the subway.a guy straight from a rap album covertoo hard to decide ... where are they going and what ’s in their luggage?a bright beard for a bright persona replacement for food storage containersdoes he know what style actually is?when your “ horse ” is tired and you decide to travel by train.the armor and sword are must during rush hour on the subway.when tony stark ’s costume is damaged , he uses the subway . “ my granny would love this costume . ” what can be better than a woman in a nice dress?always highlight your nobleness.this pennywise is even more horrendous than the movie ’s version.they created the delorean.meeting extraordinary people always brings up a lot of emotions . have you ever met such characters ? tell us about it in the comments section !
products coconut milk - 400 mlchicken fillet - 200 gmushrooms champignons - 150 gshrimp - 200 gfresh ginger , root - 3 cmzedra 1 lemongarlic - 5 denticleschili pepper - 2 pcs.vegetable oil - 2 tbsp.lemon juice - 2 tablespoons.sugar - 1 tbsp.thai soup tom-yamprepare the products for thai soup tom-yam . we 'll wash mushrooms , lemon and fillets . we already have boiled shrimps . garlic denticles will be cleaned . chicken fillet set to cook at once.how to prepare a soup tom-yam : prepare a sharp paste tom-yam . garlic cut into plates.fry the garlic plates for a few seconds . put them into a separate container.chop the sharp chili peppers.also fry them in a small amount of vegetable oil a couple of minutes.we rub the lemon zest on the grater with the smallest links . we rub and cleaned the root of ginger . put the fried garlic plates in the saucepan to the chili pepper , add the lemon zest , introduce the crushed ginger , pour the lemon juice and pour all the sugar . we will extinguish this mass 3-5 minutes on a small fire.we carefully mix the contents of the saucepan with a submerged blender . pasta tom-yam is ready.champignons cut into slices.in a small saucepan bring to a boil 400 ml of chicken broth ( in which we already at this point had time to cook chicken fillet ) and introduce to it 400 ml of coconut milk . add the paste prepared by the pasta . the resulting mixture , after boiling , cook a couple of minutes . then strain through a sieve to get a uniform structure . in the broth , which we filtered , add the cut mushrooms.cut the chicken into small pieces and add them to the soup next to the mushrooms.immediately add the shrimp . another two or three minutes cook the contents of the pan and our soup tom-yam is completely ready . bon appetit !
both deep work — reading , writing and other meaningful activities — and shallow work — like updating your facebook status — require attention . each type of work also has an opportunity cost when it comes to your attention . deep work does n’t cost you very much in terms of lost productivity . in fact it increases your productivity . shallow work , on the other hand , has a high opportunity cost in terms of lost productivity . when you do shallow work , it ’s much more likely to make you distracted for longer periods of time.this is the strange paradox of attention . whatever requires less of your attention costs more in terms of cognitive load , while what requires more costs you less.the little things we do repeatedly lead to big changes in our lives . all of those little distractions add up to becoming the cognitive equivalent of an athlete who smokes.managing your attention is a skill . like any other skill , it gets developed through practice . so how exactly do you practice managing your attention ? fortunately , everyday life provides many opportunities to do so .
celebrities and commoners alike are heading to instagram to share their old headshots for #oldheadshotday ( it 's a thing ! i guess ! ) and there are so many good ones . from reese witherspoon 's hilarious super 80s looks to viola davis looking legit gorgeous ( i think it 's probably incapable of her taking a photo that 's anything less than stunning ) , here are the best of the best old celeb head shots ! emma watson reese witherspoon ( side note : anyone else think it 's a little creepy that a child has their waist measurements listed ? ) melissa mccarthy sarah hyland busy philipps leslie jones joe manganiello kelly ripa tori spelling viola davis katherine mcphee devon sawa #oldheadshotsday - i still use this one for action auditions pic.twitter.com/owm7kdza0w— devon sawa ( @devonesawa ) april 27 , 2018 karlie klossthis was 10 years and 4 days ago #oldheadshotsday pic.twitter.com/voopuhr9zy— karlie kloss ( @karliekloss ) april 27 , 2018 ben stiller hilarie burton #oldheadshotday so . much . gel . pic.twitter.com/nnhwdvzutm— hilarie burton ( @hilarieburton ) april 27 , 2018 danielle fisheli triple dog dare you to find a more 90 's collection of photos . #oldheadshotday pic.twitter.com/1h0uhskjxu— danielle fishel ( @daniellefishel ) april 27 , 2018
ingredients : 1 cup packed brown sugar 3/4 cup ketchup 3/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 1/3 cup sherry or chicken broth 2-1/2 teaspoons minced fresh gingerroot 1-1/2 teaspoons minced garlic 24 boneless skinless chicken thighs ( about 5 pounds ) directions : in a small bowl , mix the first six ingredients . reserve 1-1/3 cups for basting ; cover and refrigerate . divide remaining marinade between two large resealable plastic bags . add 12 chicken thighs to each ; seal bags and turn to coat . refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight . drain and discard marinade from chicken . grill chicken , covered , on an oiled rack over medium heat for 6-8 minutes on each side or until no longer pink ; baste occasionally with reserved marinade during the last 5 minutes.tips : for grilling , we love the moistness of chicken thighs , and they 're economical , too . but use any cut of chicken you like.this sweet and savory glaze is also fantastic on pork chops.transport yourself to hawaii without firing up the grill ! pat chicken dry with paper towels ; sear in a touch of oil in a skillet or grill pan . transfer to a 375-degree oven for basting and baking.nutritional facts : 2 chicken thighs : 391 calories , 16g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 151 mg cholesterol , 651 mg sodium , 15g carbohydrate ( 14g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 43g protein.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 15 min .
ingredients : 1-1/2 teaspoons olive oil 1-3/4 cups sliced fresh mushrooms 3 green onions , sliced 3 cups fresh baby spinach 2 tablespoons chopped pecans 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 4 ounces each ) 1/2 teaspoon rotisserie chicken seasoning 2 slices reduced-fat provolone cheese , halveddirections : preheat grill or broiler . in a large skillet , heat oil over medium-high heat ; saute mushrooms and green onions until tender . stir in spinach and pecans until spinach is wilted . remove from heat ; keep warm . sprinkle chicken with seasoning . grill , covered , on an oiled grill rack over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat on a greased broiler pan until a thermometer reads 165 ° , 4-5 minutes per side . top with cheese ; grill or broil until cheese is melted . to serve , top with mushroom mixture.tip : this low-carb main dish is also gluten-free . nutritional facts : 1 serving : 203 calories , 9g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 68 mg cholesterol , 210 mg sodium , 3g carbohydrate ( 1g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 27g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1 vegetable , 1 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
ingredients : 1 tablespoon kosher salt 1 teaspoon sugar 1 teaspoon onion powder 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1 teaspoon paprika 1 teaspoon ground mustard 1 broiler/fryer chicken ( 3-1/2 to 4 pounds ) 1 can ( 12 ounces ) beerdirections : in a small bowl , mix the first seven ingredients . with fingers , carefully loosen skin from chicken ; rub seasoning mixture under and over skin . tuck wings under chicken . refrigerate , covered , 1 hour . completely cover all sides of an 8 - or 9-in . baking pan with foil . place a beer-can chicken rack securely in pan . remove half of the beer from can . using a can opener , make additional large holes in top of can ; place can in rack . stand chicken vertically on rack ; place on grill rack . grill , covered , over indirect medium heat 1-1/4 to 1-1/2 hours or until a thermometer inserted in thickest part of thigh reads 170 ° -175 ° . carefully remove pan from grill ; tent chicken with foil . let stand 15 minutes before carving.nutritional facts : 1 serving : 377 calories , 20g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 122 mg cholesterol , 1067 mg sodium , 4g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 39g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 30 min . + chilling grill : 1-1/4 hours + standing
there 's a bigger box office story to come for avengers : infinity war , but for now let 's look at opening day . disney estimates a friday box office total of $ 106 million in the united states , capping off what started as a record preview performance on thursday night . it 's the second-largest first day performance ever for a domestic release , slotting in between two star wars movies : the last jedi ( $ 104 million ) and the force awakens ( $ 119 million ) . here 's the stat that will really boggle your mind : only 42 domestic releases to date have managed to earn more than $ 106 million across their entire opening weekends . infinity war earned more in one day than the jungle book ( 2016 ) , wonder woman , and many other hollywood megahits did in their first three days . putting it another way : infinity war pulled in $ 73,611.11 per minute on friday . the avengers opening day also marked another big milestone for disney : 117 days into the year , the company 's combined releases have amassed more than $ 1 billion in domestic ticket sales . it 's the fastest ever for disney , the studio notes , beating 2016 's 128 days to reach the same point . ( in related news , disney movies make a shit-ton of money . ) in case it 's not clear , the latest avengers is on the road to a record-setting opening weekend . disney 's current estimate expects the weekend to close somewhere between $ 225 million and $ 240 million , which would make infinity war 's first weekend the second-biggest of all time in u.s. theaters .
the best photos are candid photos where you do n’t have to pose . and people from this article were sure about that once they were found by google street view . in 2007 , google released a project that allowed anyone to take a stroll anywhere they want . and this also means that we ’re now able to see not only the world ’s beauty but also its hilarious and interesting reality.this is what a person that takes photos of all of the worlds paths and walkways looks like . and he does it to help us enjoy the most distant corners of our planet.one more creepy picture.someone ate too much . this good boy is really interested.this creepy creature scared lots of people.the citizens of the french town nancy noticed this strange creature while looking through street panoramas on google . most of the users agreed that it looked really scary . after several complaints , google replaced the picture.this guy is stuck somewhere in a computer game.the cutest donkeys you ’ve ever seen.you ’ll never be ready for this one.one of them does n’t know how to ride a bicycle.japanese pigeons look like this .
the new york jets take a juicy name in tight end chris herndon out of miami in the fourth round of the 2018 nfl draft . the new york jets added the best tight end on the board at this point by selecting christopher herndon out of miami.he ’s coming off a big injury ( torn mcl in 2017 ) and is more thought of as a receiver , but do n’t get it wrong , he ’s an extremely capable blocker . blocking is a funny thing , just because you ’re big and strong does n’t mean you ’ll be good at it . over half the battle is effort and herndon is a willing blocker.you do n’t usually see that from tight ends anymore who consider themselves glorified wide receivers in these spread attacks . but the important thing is herndon can make explosive plays . are they consistent and do they happen all the time ? no . if they did , i think he would ’ve been a first round pick.you ’ve got to continue to surround your franchise quarterback in sam darnold with weapons and that is exactly what the green and white did with this selection.a ton of athleticism and the jets tight end room already had a lot of that prior to this pick . gang green has six tight ends on the roster now , but if you ’re the jets you can never have enough.the jets surprisingly got into a penny pinching battle with austin seferian-jenkins this offseason and let him walk . which left an obvious void in the lineup and that is now filled.once we get into the deeper portions of the nfl draft , the nfl has gotten creative in how these picks will be announced . for example with pick no. 107 , the jets allowed a child from the goryeb children ’s hospital to announce the selection . the new york jets had to do something in the 2018 nfl draft . they got a head start … the new york jets final record will determine what position they have in the 2018 nfl draft which … the new york jets are now in full tank mode after an injury to josh mccown . plus there 's …
it 's time to trick out the cabinets , drawers and island with a few space-saving ideas . rethink the little nooks and niches and you 'll have more space.hang mugs from hooksn . this storage solution can help with any type of mug or tea cup . floating shelves on either side of the window offer space for dishes and glassware . and do n't worry if you only have a small amount of wall space to work . save space with swing stools . vintage swivel stools are playful , but , most importantly , practical , since they almost disappear when not in use . a pull-out cutting board saves space and has a hole , which makes it easy to brush the scraps straight into the trash bin just below . add display space above your window . no matter the size of the kitchen , every inch matters when it comes to storage . add a crockery drawer . a crockery drawer mean you 're not on your toes , straining to reach a stack of heavy china . the drawers are outfitted with movable pegs so it can accommodate various sized dishes.surplus office organizers are perfect for storing cleaning supplies and small plants , especially next to the sink.you do n't need the stress of installing a pegboard to have a place to hang your favorite kitchen supplies : a slatted wooden door is the perfect spot . by adding a single shelf , you can create double the amount of valuable linear feet of storage .
the number of hongkongers suffering from hip fractures caused by osteoporosis would almost triple in about 30 years at an annual rate estimated to be one of the fastest in the region , behind only malaysia and singapore , according to researchers . the projection was made in a study conducted by the osteoporosis society of hong kong and other researchers in asia . they suggested that the number of new cases in hong kong would increase from 9,590 this year to 27,468 in 2050 . this rate far surpasses the population growth over the same period . according to official statistics , the city ’s current population is 7.5 million , with a projected figure of 8.2 million by 2050 . referring to the study ’s findings , cheung ching-lung , co-author of the study and a scholar from the university of hong kong , said : “ it is an alarming increase . “ it means greater demand for elderly services ... and an increase in the city ’s medical expenses . ” it means greater demand for elderly services ... and an increase in the city ’s medical expenses cheung ching-lung , study co-author osteoporosis is a condition associated with old age , in which bones become weak and brittle . the latest study , which looked into cases of hip fractures from osteoporosis in nine asian jurisdictions , predicted that by 2050 cases in malaysia would be 3.55 times that of current levels , while in singapore , the figure is 3.53 times . cheung said both countries ’ high differences between the number of future and present cases was because of their younger populations , meaning they would face a surge in cases decades later as their citizens aged . researchers predicted that the total number of new hip fracture cases across all nine areas in the study would increase to 2.56 million in 2050 , from 1.12 million this year . the total cost for patients and governments – from surgeries and rehabilitation – would rise from hk $ 74 billion ( us $ 9.4 billion ) to hk $ 117 billion over the same period . in hong kong , this figure is expected to rise from hk $ 660 million currently to hk $ 1.9 billion by 2050 . cheung said hong kong ’s surge in the number of cases was because of its long life expectancy and the growing proportion of elderly people in the population . according to government statistics , the average life expectancy for hong kong women was 87.3 years and 81.3 years for men . the proportion of the population aged 60 or older was also projected to increase from around 24.4 per cent this year , to 38.7 per cent by 2050 . according to dr eddie chow siu-lun , one of the study ’s researchers and president of the society , the most worrying complication that could arise from osteoporosis was a hip fracture . referring to past figures , chow said around one in every five sufferers of hip fractures would die a year after the injury occurred . for those who survived , more than half would fail to regain their normal level of mobility . in light of the rising trend , chow advised people who are at risk , including elderly women and those who lead sedentary lifestyles , to go for bone density screenings and receive treatment earlier .
after almost nine year of being divorced , “ milkshake ” singer kelis has revealed the darker sides of her marriage with rapper nas . “ i did n’t want that to be my career , honestly , ” she said . during the five years that they were married , she shared that she had endured endless mental and physical abuse . she claims that the rapper would constantly black out from drinking , which would lead to him becoming violent . nas would then wake up “ like it never happened . ” kelis admited that she thinks she would have stayed in the relationship longer if it was n’t for the fact that she was pregnant . “ i probably would have stayed longer had i not been pregnant [ with knight ] because i really did love him and because we were married , ” she told hollywood unlocked . “ we were n’t dating , we were married . like , this was my person . ” she explained that she had a couple reasons for keeping silent all these years . one being that she knew that her kids would end up seeing the stories posted about them . “ i ’ve waited nine years to say anything . i have never talked about this man , ever , ” she said . “ the amount of airing out that i could do , and i ’ve chosen not to … our kids will find out . they ’re finding out now . i ’ve never painted myself as a saint . did he hit me ? mhm . did i hit him back ? mhm . ” another reason why she kept quiet was because she did not want this to ruin her career . “ i did n’t want that to be my career , honestly , ” she said . however , when the news broke out about chris brown beating rihanna , that ’s when she made the ultimate decision to leave her marriage . “ i remember so clearly when the [ rihanna ] pictures came out … ‘ cause i [ also ] had bruises all over my body at that time , ” she said . “ i was n’t ready to walk [ away ] . i just was n’t . i ’m not weak but i ’m really private . i do n’t like people knowing my business . i felt like , ‘ this is my partner . i chose this . we ’re gon na do this , we ’re gon na make it work . ' ” nas and his representatives have not commented on his ex-wife ’s allegations . kelis is now married to real estate agent mike mora since 2014 .
copenhagen-based band palace winter are set to release their second album , nowadays , in may . the album starts off with an introductory song called “ birth , ” lasting only just over minute . “ birth ” sets the tone for the beginning of the album , and leads into the second track “ take shelter . ” “ birth ” gives the listener an introduction for what is to come on the album . the album flows together well . the song “ empire ” is more of an indie rock song than any of the other tracks . on this tune , palace winter give off a feeling of longing and mystique . their lyrics are all about secrets and leaving , and the song includes a range of sounds and instruments , including strings . “ empire ” helps bridge palace winter ’s sound and gives some variety to the album . the song following “ empire ” is “ baltimore . ” this track slows the album down and offers more of a narrative than the previous songs . palace winter sing , “ it ’s like i ’m always looking back these days / waiting for a reason . ” the lyrics are backed by an acoustic guitar as well as an electronic drum sound . this gives off a more melancholy sound than some of the other songs on nowadays . palace winter end on a thoughtful note the last half of the album features some of the longer songs on the album . palace winter get slightly more experimental on the song “ the accident , ” and do not include lyrics . the song instead focuses on the synth sounds that the band uses . the last song on the album , “ kenopsia , ” is a slower song on which palace winter use a more narrative storytelling approach again . the song is a nice closer to the album , and only at about two minutes is short , but does leave the listener with room to think about the album . overall , palace winter have created a diverse and thoughtful album . nowadays will be released on may 4 .
because all indie games must be switch games eventually robot wizard , the developers behind upcoming point &amp; click adventure jengo , are augmenting their funding campaign to ensure their game gets a version on the nintendo switch . this plays into my long-running theory that all indie games are destined to be absorbed into nintendo ’s ravenous hardware jaws . jengo is currently scheduled for a 2019 release on pc . now , with this announcement , the game is heading to the nintendo switch as well . the devs made this decision after the game ’s fig campaign hit the 25 % mark after only a couple of days . which is pretty good progress for a point &amp; click adventure title . for the curious , jengo is the story of one gamer ’s quest to stop a faceless horror from consuming the land . actually , said gamer is merely on a quest for the ultimate video game . the whole saving the world thing is sort of a side dish , an incidental incurred on the way to your real goal . also , the realm is called the pixelverse and the town is known as old meta . just in case you were unclear as to how often the fourth wall would be breached during your playthrough of this title . regardless , jengo looks like a good one to keep on the ol’ radar if you ’ve got an appetite for adventure games from days past . heck , if you ’re sufficiently curious , you can even donate ! source : press release
meghan markle is just weeks away from officially becoming a member of the british royal family , but she 's already stepped out for several official royal events — a first for a royal fiancée . as an actress , meghan was already accustomed to appearing in public and commanding attention , but being royal brings with it a totally different level of public scrutiny . as she adjusts her style to meet her new position , meghan has reportedly turned to her soon-to-be sister-in-law , kate middleton , for advice . kate has a stable of designers she loves and she 's recommended some of her favorites to meghan . " kate is often in the studio to go over lookbooks and have fittings , and she suggested the boutique to meghan for more formal wear , " a source told vanity fair . meghan turned to wickstead for her outfit and to philip treacy for her pillbox hat for wednesday 's anzac service at westminster abbey . both designers are favorites of her future sister-in-law . " kate ’s not the sort of person to get offended if someone wears something she likes or one of her favorite designers , ” the source continued . " meghan asked her advice for formal wear and kate told her where to go . they were also consulting each other on their clothes so that they complemented each other on engagements and did n’t clash . " kate also apparently suggested that meghan opt for pieces by british designers — advice that meghan took for the queen 's birthday concert , to which she wore a cape dress by stella mccarthy . after she officially joins the royal family on may 19 , meghan 's wardrobe will be paid for by a fund through prince charles , but until then , she 's responsible for buying her own clothes — and is prohibited from accepting free pieces from designers .
there will be a position battle to be eli manning ’s backup as the new york giants selected quarterback kyle lauletta in the fourth round of the draft.some felt the new york giants would draft a quarterback in this year ’s draft , they just did n’t think they would wait until the fourth round when they selected kyle lauletta with the 108th overall pick.in his final season with the richmond spiders , he completed 281-of-433 passes ( 64.9 percent completion percentage ) for 3,737 yards , 28 touchdowns and 12 interceptions , while leading the spiders to a 6-5 record.he had a great performance at the senior bowl , completing 8-of-12 passes for 198 yards and three touchdowns in the south ’s 45-16 victory over the north . that assuredly helped to boost his nfl stock . the 6-foot-3 , 222-pound lauletta has the ideal frame that teams look for and covet in an nfl quarterback . he also has decent accuracy , mechanics , and mobility as he ran a 4.81 40-yard dash at the annual nfl combine.he lacks ideal arm strength for the nfl , which is something he must work on if he wants to make the giants roster . after all , having the arm strength to cut through the winds at metlife stadium in november and december is key to having any success with big blue.some have compared him to san francisco 49ers quarterback jimmy garoppolo , while steve palazzolo of profootballfocus noted that lauletta was much higher on their draft board than davis webb was last year . he will enter training camp as the third quarterback on the depth chart and will compete with webb to be eli manning ’s backup.it will be interesting to see whether the giants let two untested quarterbacks battle for that job or if they bring in an experienced veteran to join the fray in training camp , as they did last season with geno smith . with jason pierre-paul now a tampa bay buccaneer , the new york giants were in need of an edge … david gettleman and the new york giants have officially selected saquon barkley with the second pick in the …
liverpool heavyweight tony bellew will fight tyson fury he has revealed but only on one condition , strictly.fury first must deal with his upcoming rematch against david haye on may 5th at the 02 arena in london but provided he gets through it , or possibly if he even just gives a decent account of himself – another big pay-day could await.him and tyson fury have had playful digs at one another in the media in recent months with a seemingly genuine willingness starting to form between the two about fighting one another.bellew however , per give me sport – said : “ i like that fight as long as i ’m his first fight back . i ’m not being forceful , i ’m not trying to be anything i ’m not here . ” pretty honest stuff from bellew there.fury returns on june 9th at the manchester arena under new promoter frank warren and new trainer ben davison.the opponent is to be confirmed.it will mark fury ’s first fight in nearly two and a half years since he defeated wladimir klitschko in november 2015 for the heavyweight title in germany .
knowing that he 's already in trouble with the people for his alt-right views &amp; comments , kanye west decided to drop a new single in retaliation of said actions . " ye vs. the people " has kanye &amp; t.i. going back &amp; forth about what they both feel is right &amp; wrong in the name of politics &amp; society as well as other things . kanye 's notable spits : " i feel an obligation to show people new ideas / and if you wan na hear them , there go two right here / make america great again had a negative reception / i took it , wore it , rocked it , gave it a new direction / added empathy , care , love and affection / and y' all simply questioning my methods " t.i. 's notable spits : " what you willing to lose for the point to be proved ? this shit is stubborn , selfish , bullheaded , even for you / you wore a dusty ass hat to represent the same views as white supremacy / man , we expect better from you / starting to make it seem like donnie cut you a check " with west ending the track with " alright tip , we could be rappin ' about this all day , man , why do n't we just cut the beat off and let the people talk ? " , you can give the single a listen for yourself below ... apple music : youtube :
ingredients : 2 tablespoons olive oil 4 teaspoons lemon juice 1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce 2 teaspoons dried oregano 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon onion powder 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1 teaspoon pepper 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard 4 boneless pork loin chops ( 3/4 inch thick and 4 ounces each ) directions : in a large resealable plastic bag , mix first nine ingredients . add pork chops ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate 8 hours or overnight . drain pork , discarding marinade . grill chops , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat until a thermometer reads 145 ° , 4-5 minutes per side . let stand 5 minutes before serving.freeze option : freeze chops with marinade in a resealable plastic freezer bag . to use , thaw in refrigerator overnight . drain pork , discarding marinade . grill as directed.nutritional facts : 1 pork chop : 193 calories , 10g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 55 mg cholesterol , 349 mg sodium , 2g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 1g fiber ) , 22g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1/2 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 4 teaspoons brown sugar 2 teaspoons chili powder 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon paprika 1 teaspoon pepper 1/8 teaspoon garlic powder 3-1/2 to 4 pounds pork spareribs jalapeno barbecue sauce : 2 cans ( 8 ounces each ) tomato sauce 2/3 cup packed brown sugar 1/3 cup lemon juice 1/4 cup worcestershire sauce 1 small onion , finely chopped 2 jalapeno peppers , seeded and finely chopped 2 teaspoons beef bouillon granulesdirections : in a small bowl , combine the first six ingredients ; rub onto both sides of ribs . place ribs , meat side up , on a rack in a foil-lined roasting pan . bake at 325 ° for 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 hours or until tender . meanwhile , in a large saucepan , combine sauce ingredients ; simmer , uncovered , for 30-40 minutes or until thickened . grill ribs , uncovered , over medium heat for 10-15 minutes or until browned , basting with sauce and turning several times . reheat remaining sauce and serve with ribs.note : ribs may be baked and sauce may be prepared a day ahead and refrigerated . then grill and baste for 15 minutes or until heated through and nicely glazed . we recommend wearing disposable gloves when cutting hot peppers . avoid touching your face.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 1 hour 35 min . grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 1/4 cup shredded cheddar cheese 2 tablespoons cream cheese , softened 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley 3 teaspoons dijon mustard , divided 2 green onions , thinly sliced 3 tablespoons dry bread crumbs 2 tablespoons ketchup 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary , crushed 1/4 teaspoon dried sage leaves 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 4 hamburger buns , split optional toppings : lettuce leaves and tomato slicesdirections : in a small bowl , mix cheddar cheese , cream cheese , parsley and 1 teaspoon mustard . in another bowl , mix green onions , bread crumbs , ketchup , seasonings and remaining mustard . add beef ; mix lightly but thoroughly . shape mixture into eight thin patties . spoon cheese mixture onto the center of four patties ; top with remaining patties , pressing edges firmly to seal . grill burgers , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat 4-5 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 160 ° . serve on buns with toppings as desired.nutritional facts : 1 burger : 383 calories , 16g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 86 mg cholesterol , 861 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate ( 5g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 29g protein.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
ingredients : dipping sauce2 cups mayonnaise 1/4 cup sugar 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 2 tablespoons sesame seeds , toasted 1 tablespoon sesame oil 1/2 teaspoon white pepper kabobs : 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 2 tablespoons brown sugar 2 tablespoons water 1 tablespoon sesame oil 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 1 teaspoon minced fresh gingerroot 1-1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts , cut into 1-1/2 - inch pieces 1 pound fresh asparagus , trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces 2 tablespoons olive oil 1/2 teaspoon saltdirections : in a small bowl , combine the sauce ingredients . cover and refrigerate for 2-4 hours . in a large resealable plastic bag , combine the soy sauce , brown sugar , water , sesame oil , pepper flakes and ginger . add the chicken ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate for 2 hours , turning occasionally . drain and discard marinade . in a large bowl , toss the asparagus with olive oil and salt . on six metal or soaked wooden skewers , alternately thread one chicken piece and two asparagus pieces . grill , covered , over medium heat for 4-5 minutes on each side or until chicken is no longer pink and asparagus is crisp-tender . serve with dipping sauce.nutritional facts : 1 each : 806 calories , 71g fat ( 10g saturated fat ) , 89 mg cholesterol , 1688 mg sodium , 14g carbohydrate ( 12g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 27g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 2/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 2/3 cup honey 1/2 cup canola oil 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish 2 teaspoons steak seasoning 2 garlic cloves , minced 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts , cut into 1-1/2 - inch cubes 1 large sweet red pepper , cut into 1-1/2 - inch chunks 1 large green pepper , cut into 1-1/2 - inch chunks 1 large onion , cut into 1-1/2 - inch wedgesdirections : in a small bowl , combine the first six ingredients . pour 1 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag ; add the chicken . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate for 5-6 hours . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain and discard marinade . on six metal or soaked wooden skewers , alternately thread chicken and vegetables . grill , covered , over medium heat for 5-7 minutes on each side or until chicken juices run clear , basting frequently with reserved marinade.note : this recipe was tested with mccormick ’s montreal steak seasoning . look for it in the spice aisle.nutritional facts : 1 each : 363 calories , 22g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 73 mg cholesterol , 395 mg sodium , 14g carbohydrate ( 11g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 28g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 1 bottle ( 12 ounces ) chili sauce 1/3 cup white wine or chicken broth 1/4 cup olive oil 10 to 12 garlic cloves , minced 4-1/2 teaspoons dried basil 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon pepper 8 bone-in chicken thighs ( about 3 pounds ) directions : in a large bowl , whisk the first seven ingredients until blended . pour 1-1/2 cups marinade into a large resealable plastic bag . add chicken ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate 8 hours or overnight . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain chicken , discarding marinade in bag . place chicken on a greased grill rack , skin side down . grill , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat 15 minutes . turn ; grill 10-15 minutes longer or until a thermometer reads 170 ° -175 ° , basting occasionally with reserved marinade . freeze option : freeze chicken with 1-1/2 cups marinade in a resealable plastic freezer bag . freeze reserved marinade in a freezer container . to use , thaw chicken with marinade and the reserved marinade in refrigerator overnight . drain chicken , discarding marinade in bag . grill as directed , basting with reserved marinade.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 25 min .
the sprawling single-player rpg the witcher 3 gives players plenty to do , there ’s no arguing that . but gamer bruno printz-påhlson really drives this point home after spending over 1,800 hours on the game . it might sound crazy , but printz-påhlson says he has no regrets about the huge amount of time he has poured into the game . and by the time of writing this , he has probably spent even more time playing the game . “ the quality of the story and the freedom to play your own way sets it apart from many games and those are my favorite parts , the way that the game gives you freedom without the story suffering for it , ” he said . he ’s also devoted 200 hours into the witcher 2 , 500 into grand theft auto 5 , and 600 into fallout 4 . but the closest to his current witcher 3 playtime is — unsurprisingly — skyrim , which he has sunk about 1,500 hours into thus far . “ i ’m mostly trying to get achievements and find things i might have missed like encounters on the road where i never traveled before , ” printz-påhlson said of his witcher 3 playtime . “ i also made a new game plus but it did n’t feel as fun as a regular new game because there you had to earn money and gear , whereas on new game plus you can just buy anything and start out sort of like a god . ” currently he ’s trying to destroy every monster nest in the game ’s world , something he ’s never done across a single save file , even after hours upon hours of blowing up monster nests . but why not just do it in one playthrough ? “ it was never a focus of mine , ” printz-påhlson said . “ i wanted to play naturally and play the game going by how i felt like playing , not simply running around doing pretty much the same thing all the time . ” source
ingredients : 1 cup sugar 1 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 1 cup ketchup 2 teaspoons garlic powder 2 teaspoons ground ginger 2 pounds beef top sirloin steak , cut into 1-1/2 - inch cubes 2 to 3 small zucchini , cut into 1-inch slices 1/2 pound medium fresh mushrooms 1 large green or sweet red pepper , cut into 1-inch pieces 1 small onion , cut into 1-inch pieces 2 cups cubed fresh pineappledirections : for marinade , mix first five ingredients . place beef and half of the marinade in a large resealable plastic bag ; seal bag and turn to coat . cover and reserve remaining marinade . refrigerate beef and marinade overnight . on metal or soaked wooden skewers , thread vegetables and , on separate skewers , thread beef with pineapple . discard remaining marinade in bag . grill , covered , over medium heat until vegetables are tender and beef reaches desired doneness , 12-15 minutes , turning occasionally . in a small saucepan , bring reserved marinade to a boil , stirring occasionally ; cook 1 minute . remove vegetables , pineapple and beef from skewers before serving . serve with sauce.nutritional facts : 1 serving : 306 calories , 5g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 46 mg cholesterol , 1203 mg sodium , 38g carbohydrate ( 32g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 27g protein.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + marinating grill : 15 min .
ingredients : 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1/8 teaspoon seasoned salt 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts , cut into 1-1/2 - inch cubes 1 pound johnsonville ® fully cooked polish kielbasa sausage rope , cut into 3/4-inch slices 4 medium red potatoes , cut into 1-1/2 - inch cubes 2 cups cubed fresh pineapple ranch salad dressingdirections : in a large resealable plastic bag , combine first five ingredients ; add chicken and sausage . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate 1 hour . meanwhile , place potatoes in a large microwave-safe bowl . cover and microwave on high 6-8 minutes or until almost tender , stirring twice . drain and discard marinade . on metal or soaked wooden skewers , alternately thread chicken , potatoes , sausage and pineapple . grill , covered , over medium heat 10-15 minutes or until chicken juices run clear , turning frequently . serve with ranch dressing.nutritional facts : 2 each : 304 calories , 17g fat ( 6g saturated fat ) , 69 mg cholesterol , 1146 mg sodium , 16g carbohydrate ( 4g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 21g protein.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
the dance continues . ryan reynolds has a habit of trolling his old x-men origins : wolverine pals hugh jackman . just a few weeks ago , in fact , reynolds took a ( proverbial ) dump all over an anniversary message jackman sent to his wife of 22 years . now he 's at it again . in a video tweeted on friday , jackman can barely keep a straight face as he tries to record a " heartfelt birthday message " while a deadpool-suited reynolds sings " tomorrow , " from annie , on the bed behind him . it 's hilarious . especially with them breaking into " who let the dogs out . " it might be a stretch to suggest that there 's any meaning behind two high-profile acts of trolling in the space of a month ... but i 'm suggesting it anyway . what is reynolds doing here ? he pops up in this weird , random video , all suited up in what is surely not a cheap costume ( not to mention a valuable piece of movie memorabilia ) . there 's also the fact that , at the top of the video , jackman says : " i 'm really , really busy doing ... " — glances at reynolds-as-deadpool — " ... some stuff . " look . deadpool 2 is out on may 18 . the movie 's done . in the can , as they say in hollywood . so it 's not like jackman 's hanging with reynolds to shoot some extra scenes . even though something as simple as , say , an effects-free post-credits scene could be shot and tacked on to the end of a film in the space of a day . i 'm probably reading too much into all of this . the video is , in all likelihood , just another bizarre aspect of deadpool 2 's intentionally weird hype train . but we know deadpool is part of fox 's mutant universe . we know jackman has been wolverine before , even if he 's done with the character now . i choose to read my hopes and wishes into all of this . jackman-as-wolverine is totally going to pop up at some point in deadpool 2 . and it 's going to be great . of course , there 's another possibility here and it 's equally wonderful : maybe reynolds just walks around like this now . either way , we win .
ingredients : 1/4 cup packed brown sugar 1/4 cup soy sauce 3 tablespoons unsweetened pineapple juice 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar 3 garlic cloves , minced 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 teaspoon ground ginger 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce 1 salmon fillet ( 2 pounds ) directions : in a small bowl , combine the first nine ingredients . pour 3/4 cup into a large resealable plastic bag ; add salmon . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate for 1 hour , turning occasionally . set aside remaining marinade for basting . drain and discard marinade . using long-handled tongs , moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack . place salmon skin side down on rack . grill , covered , over medium heat or broil over medium heat for 5 minutes . brush with reserved marinade . grill or broil 15-20 minutes longer or until fish flakes easily with a fork.nutritional facts : 4 ounce-weight : 246 calories , 12g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 67 mg cholesterol , 532 mg sodium , 9g carbohydrate ( 7g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 24g protein.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating grill : 20 min .
ingredients for " perfect baked potatoes " : potatoes ( medium size ) - 6 pcs.olive oil - 3 tbsp . l.garlic - 5 pcs.laurel leaf - 5 pcs.rosemary ( twigs , desirable , fresh ) - 3 pcs.greeneryvinegar ( wine in the ideal , but you can take any ) - 1 tbsp . l.recipe for " perfect baked potato " : \ ti took a young potato , so i did not cut the shkurochka , but just washed it with a brush . if you have potatoes " old " - brush it . it is not necessary to cut it into pieces . then pour water and boil over high heat after boiling for 7-8 minutes . \ tthrow in a colander . debate with a napkin . salt and pepper . \ tin the form ( i foil laid ) , pour 2 tablespoons of olive oil ( if desired , you can replace with cream ) , a little roll in it potatoes . \ tput the potatoes in one layer , send to a preheated oven ( 200 g. ) for 30 minutes . \ tprepare our fragrant mixture of spices . take fresh or dry rosemary , basil and other herbs at your discretion , pour in art . spoon of vinegar and art . spoon olive oil , stir . add the bay leaf and cloves of garlic . garlic from the skin is not clean ! \ tafter 30 minutes , get the potatoes . an interesting point : take a crush for mashed potatoes and lightly apply pressure to each potato so that it softens a little . then pour the fragrant mixture and send again to the oven for 20-25 minutes . \ twe take potatoes from the oven , marveling at the most wonderful aroma and beautiful , ruddy crust !
ingredients : 1 pound johnsonville ® mild italian sausage links , cut into 1/2-inch slices 1 medium zucchini , cut into 1-inch slices 1 medium yellow summer squash , cut into 1-inch slices 1 medium sweet red pepper , sliced 1 medium onion , cut into wedges 1 cup quartered fresh mushrooms 1/4 cup olive oil 1 tablespoon dried oregano 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes 1 teaspoon garlic salt 1 teaspoon paprikadirections : in a large bowl , combine the first six ingredients . in a small bowl , combine the oil , oregano , parsley , garlic salt and paprika . pour over sausage mixture ; toss to coat . divide between two pieces of heavy-duty foil ( about 14 in . x 12 in . ) . fold foil around sausage mixture and seal tightly . grill , covered , over medium heat for 25-30 minutes or until meat is no longer pink . open foil carefully to allow steam to escape.nutritional facts : 2 cups : 359 calories , 29g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 45 mg cholesterol , 993 mg sodium , 12g carbohydrate ( 6g sugars , 4g fiber ) , 14g protein.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . grill : 25 min .
ingredients : 1/3 cup orange juice 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 1/4 cup honey 1 green onion , chopped 1 teaspoon ground ginger 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1 salmon fillet ( 1-1/2 pounds and 3/4 inch thick ) directions : for marinade , mix first six ingredients . in a shallow bowl , combine salmon and 2/3 cup marinade ; refrigerate 30 minutes , turning occasionally . reserve remaining marinade for basting . place salmon on an oiled grill rack over medium heat , skin side down ; discard marinade remaining in bowl . grill salmon , covered , until fish just begins to flake easily with a fork , 15-18 minutes , basting with reserved marinade during the last 5 minutes.health tip : everyone thinks of omega-3 ’s when it comes to salmon , but it ’s also a good source of most b vitamins , which are important in energy production.nutritional facts : 3 ounces cooked fish : 237 calories , 10g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 57 mg cholesterol , 569 mg sodium , 15g carbohydrate ( 13g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 20g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1 starch.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating grill : 15 min .
it is most commonly reported that twin brothers are highly attached , and that they can not one without each other for the rest of their lives ... my relationship with my twin brother was much different . apart from what we look exactly like in everything , we are different ... i am successful-he is not , i am rich-he is not , i am married-he is not , i 'm happy - he is not . all this has long provoked a great jealousy toward me that i 've been observing for a long time , but i believed he would eventually stop.since i have a very pretty woman , my big problem was how to keep it from many other men ... however , upon my mother 's address one weekend , we called my twin brother to stay all weekend with us and to go somewhere on a trip together . on the excursion we went , we took a lot of alcohol to my brother 's address . since i first got drunk , i decided to get my friend in our car and bring us all home . as soon as we came home , i immediately lay on the couch and was asleep , and that 's all i remember . my wife went to our bedroom , and my brother to the guest room . whether under the influence of alcohol or jealousy , my brother soon went into my wife 's bed and slept with her . then at that moment she thought that it was me and that i came to our room . the next day , when we realized that it was not me , i could n't believe what my twin brother did to me.since then , to this day , we no longer have any contact , nor do i know where it is and what it does . i no longer have any feelings for him and more for him is not my twin brother ...
the new york jets double-dipped on defense by drafting cb parry nickerson and dl folorunso fatukasi in the sixth round of the 2018 nfl draft with some corner and defensive line help.with the 179th in the sixth round , the new york jets have selected parry nickerson a cornerback out of tulane . nickerson is super fast ( 4.32 40 yard dash ) and is a ball hawk with 16 career interceptions at tulane , a pretty ripe combination if you ask me.say hello to your new slot corner while simultaneously saying goodbye to buster skrine and that contract.with their other sixth round pick , back-to-back here , the jets went back to the defensive side of the ball with the selection of folorunso fatukasi , a defensive tackle out of uconn . he ’s a super productive player who garnered 14 sacks in college while projecting as a starting 3-4 defensive end with the green and white.the commonality between these two players is easy to spot . both are huge hustle guys who like to get after it . mike maccagnan clearly had an identity he was going for with this draft class.we all knew it would happen sooner rather than later and it did , the new york jets traded back a few slots in the fifth and gained an additional seventh round pick in the 2018 nfl draft . the full details are listed below.actually , the jets did n’t like the prospects on the board even after the trade , so they traded back even further to gain even more additional draft compensation.so to keep everything straight , the jets have the 204th overall pick remaining in the 2018 nfl draft . that ’s because the jets traded their seventh round pick to acquire de henry anderson from the indianapolis colts.who ? well , anderson has played for the colts for three years and has three career sacks to his name . although anderson has started 19 games in his three year career , so the jets added some experience to their defensive line . the new york jets take a juicy name in tight end chris herndon out of miami in the … mike maccagnan and todd bowles realize that their new york jets have a few pressing needs . however , amari … on thursday night , during the nfl draft , both the new york jets and giants come away with guys …
this popcorn-loving young new york yankees fan made a tremendous snag at yankee stadium as his bombers won yet another game.this foul ball off the bat of miguel andujar resulted in a fan play that really popped . that pun was a mistake . i digress … well , if the new york yankees are n’t gon na be flashing the leather at least somebody will . great grab by the kid . unfortunately , the play is completely overshadowed by the fact that he ’s inexplicably using his glove as a bowl for popcorn . why ? why does he have popcorn in his glove ? i know for a fact that yankee stadium provides receptacles for food . i ’m fairly certain that ’s something that ’s required by the most basic of health codes.despite the fact that his popcorn was absolutely delivered to him in some sort of container , this particular young fan-elected to dump into a dirty piece of leather . bold strategy cotton.there ’s just so many other things to unpack in this video though.a security guard came over to joke with the fan as to why his popcorn was now on the field and he dropped the rest of it on the floor right in front of him.a woman ( presumably his mother ) was struck with the most shocked face i ’ve ever seen , indicating that this may be the first ball her son has ever successfully fielded . the fact that he used his glove as a popcorn bowl is pretty strong evidence to back that up.another fan in the row behind popcorn glove kid put forth maybe the weakest effort to catch this ball of all time , backing away and sticking his hand out at it simultaneously . roger dorn would be proud.nice play by the kid . maybe the yankees can find an age-restriction loophole and sign him for some late-game defense .
chance the rapper has clarified he does not support donald trump . chance received some backlash as a possible trump supporter after he tweeted , “ black people do n’t have to democrats . ” his tweet came as a response to kanye going on a twitter rant and voicing his strong approval of trump . trump saw chance ’s tweet as a stamp of approval and thanked him in a tweet . chance responded with a tweet that said , “ i ai n’t in it ” and addressed trump ’s tweet . chance also posted a tweet with caption , “ my fault yo ” referring to his defense of kanye . he reiterated that he does not support trump and never could . “ i ’d never support anyone who has made a career out of hatred , racism , and discrimination . i ’d never support someone who ’d talk about chicago as if it ’s a hell on earth and then take steps to make life harder here for the most disenfranchised among us . i understand why people are disappointed with my words , but i was raised to believe actions speak louder than words , ” he said . he has used his fame to help communities and said “ let my apology be seen in my future works , and let me make up for my poorly timed comments with immediate action and advocacy for those who need it most . ”
milo ’s single “ déjà vu ” is a gratifying ballad with mid-tempo tendencies with a hint of hip hop . the video for this release takes refreshing responsibility and sheds light on the opioid epidemic . a fresh take on a love song written and produced by milo himself , reminds his fans why they fell in love with him in the first place . the visuals are a sign-of-the-times for 2018 as the rise of the opioid epidemic is reaching staggering rates . “ we ’re not all strong or even built the same , ” says milo . “ i needed the world to know that even young men like myself care about what goes on . our generation wants this horrible trend to be over just like everyone else . ” madison , illinois ’ milo has an unfair advantage over the spectrum of unsigned artists presently ravaging the digital world ; he happens across eager ears with great music . as former one half of 2ok , milo bags his opportunities with his musical gift and production skills and just like that a star is born . a major draw for the high school nation tour , milo found himself in instant rockstar status while still emerging as new talent . in one 35 city tour , he has experienced true life on the road and the love of an ever-growing fan base , additionally . currently working with producer bi $ $ d , whose platinum hit rolex has made ayo &amp; teo hip hop ’s new hot properties , milo is set to body creative musical trends with new song releases . subscribe to milo ’s youtube channel milotv for updated performance clips and video releases . join the 285,000 fans who have subscribed to his 20 + million views daily . milo currently resides in atlanta and is represented by young at art entertainment as a solo artist .
“ show me ” is the first official track off of hirow ’s album , “ karban twelve ” . it sets a completely different tone as the rest of the project and addresses issues such as depression and heart-break . emerging artist and self-taught instrumentalist/producer hirow just released his project titled “ karban twelve ” . with a variety of sounds , genres and instruments implemented in a unique way on each song , the project offers plenty of hard-hitting instrumentals with a heartfelt yet dark and mysterious mood to it delivered differently on each track . hiro states : “ i do n’t think i ’ve ever felt the kind of ease that i did growing up with anything other than with music . there ’s a certain feeling of comfort that you get knowing that someone out there deals with the same type of feels and emotions that you do . i knew from a very young age that i wanted to create that feeling for somebody else . ” peru ’s very own will continue to work on new music as he prepares to release a second project before the end of the year .
tyler keast is back at it again with his first official release of the year , “ narcos ” . big boomin 808 ’s and smooth synths make this one a true trunk rattling head bobbing thumper that is sure to reel folks right in . keast has added two kansas city natives to compliment his hype flow . wavelink and nicky halt are two flame throwers that add real depth to this outstanding record . there definitely more to come in 18 from tyler . tyler keast is an up and coming hip hop artist from kansas city with an innovative flow that boasts limitless versatility . tyler has exploded on to the hip hop scene in the mid-west combining witty punchlines with compound syllable rhyme schemes . his rapid fire flow &amp; catchy , melodic style hooks are sure to catch your ear immediately . he has shared the stage with maino , krayzie bone , tech n9ne , twisted insane , afroman , big krit , krizz kaliko , stevie stone , jackie chain , lil scrappy , lil flip , chevy woods , berner , problem , young bleed , kutt kalhoun , slick rick , twista , mars &amp; more .
verelife.comgod has given every one of us a wonderful gift of life . he wants us to have the best life possible . so he has provided principles that teach us how we can make good decisions . we should use these principles to help us to “ distinguish ” between “ right and wrong . ” genesis 1 : 27 . so god created man in his own image , in the image of god he created him ; male and female he created them.we are allowing god to train us to think clearly . as we live by god ’s principles and see how they make our life better , we come to understand just how precious they truly are.hebrews 5 : 13-14 . anyone who lives on milk , being still an infant , is not acquainted with the teaching about righteousness.but solid food is for the mature , who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil.life can be very complicated . situations often come up that are not covered by a direct law in the bible . the bible contains principles that teach us how god views life and blood . if we understand these principles , we will be able to make wise decisions and keep a good conscience . proverbs 2 : 6-11 . for the lord gives wisdom , and from his mouth come knowledge and understanding.he holds victory in store for the upright , he is a shield to those whose walk is blameless , for he guards the course of the just and protects the way of his faithful ones.then you will understand what is right and just and fair -- every good path.for wisdom will enter your heart , and knowledge will be pleasant to your soul.discretion will protect you , and understanding will guard you.verelife.com
are you shopping for a car but have a financial crunch ? if yes , investing in a pre-certified used car will help you get all the benefits of a new car at a lower price . the meaning of a pre-owned certified car is the vehicle has been used by a previous owner and has been inspected for mileage and condition by a certified car dealer . these cars are always less than five years old and in good running condition . they have travelled less than 80,000 miles and are available to car buyers that are looking for a good quality used car at a lower price and risk ! car dealers will always sell you a car that is in decent condition you do not have to worry about the condition of the used car when you purchase a pre-owned certified used car . the car dealer will never sell you a bad car . the history and the background of the car will be checked . the car will be legal , and there are no reports of theft registered against the car you buy . before certifying a vehicle , the car dealer will inspect everything inside the car to detect even a small defect . he will make a list of all the flaws and defects in the car and starts to re-condition it . if repairs and replacement need to be done , he will always use parts from the original manufacturer . every car dealer places safety as the top priority , and this is why he takes time to ensure every bolt in the car is new and ready for sale . remain tension free with pre-owned certified cars experts from esteemed company ideal auto usa state that since the car is reconditioned into a new model ; the buyer can remain tension free when it comes to the quality of the vehicle . the car dealer will also give you an extended warranty . this again helps you in the future as you do not have to worry about future maintenance . some credible car dealers give buyers the benefits of roadside assistance free with an extended warranty . get low-interest rates from lenders in the market you also enjoy low-interest rates . the costs of pre-owned certified cars are high , and this is why you can get low-interest rates from lenders . this is another added advantage you get when you buy pre-owned certified cars for your needs . you also get discounts and additional offers giving you good value for money . therefore , if you are looking for the comforts and convenience of a new car at reduced risk and price , opting for a pre-owned certified car is a wise choice . contact credible dealers and inspect the models they have to offer . discuss the extended warranty and other benefits you will receive with the car . a pre-owned certified car always has its share of benefits , and this is why it is one of the best choices at minimum price you can make when you wish to buy a car ! worth sharing ?
the wax figure of first lady melania trump was unveiled on wednesday at the madame tussauds in new york city . the wax figure was placed right next to her husband president donald trump , whose wax figure was unveiled january 2017 , in front of a backdrop of the oval office . her figure is apart of a large installation called “ give melania a voice ” which allows visitors to publish tweets for melania on her madame tussauds ’s twitter page . the installment started on thursday and will be open until may 31 . since melania could not attend the unveiling of her max figure , former press secretary sean spicer was there for the event . he deemed the figure to look extremely lifelike . “ i ’m not kidding , i looked at a photo i had with the first lady before i left and i mean — it ’s pretty remarkable how lifelike it is , and the same thing with the president . it ’s impressive , ” spicer says . spicer then gave his compliments to the real melania . “ she ’s a very gracious and fashionable woman , ” he says . “ i do n’t think the american people have fully appreciated the level of intellect she has and her political savviness . ”
saturday afternoon , the st. john ’s red storm baseball team set a single-game school scoring record in their 34-7 blowout of xavier.normally , when your favorite baseball team is down 5-0 after two innings , it ’s easy to say the game is already over . you ’re not thinking that a comeback is in the works . well , do n’t tell that to the st. john ’s red storm.not only did the johnnies comeback from a 6-3 deficit after three innings against xavier , they blew the musketeers away , putting another 31 runs on the board in a record-setting 34-7 victory.for manager ed blankmeyer ’s squad , the 34 runs are the most they have scored in a game since feb. 21 , 2010 , when they beat new orleans by a score of 31-6 . joe panik , currently the second baseman for the san francisco giants , was st. john ’s dh in that contest . the blowout comes one day after st. john ’s ( 27-11 ) lost their first conference game with their ace , sean mooney , on the mound.a 10-run fourth inning was the catalyst for the madness , turning that 6-3 deficit into a 13-6 lead . they sent 14 batters to the plate in the top of the fourth , picking up nine hits , including a home run from jamie galazin.the top of the order — john valente , galazin and josh shaw — went a combined 13-for-19 with three home runs ( two from galazin ) , 14 rbi and 10 runs scored.valente , who hit leadoff on saturday and started at third base , hit a grand slam in the top of the sixth and he has now reached base in 52 consecutive games . he is hitting .396 with four home runs , 33 rbi , has more walks ( 12 ) than strikeouts ( eight ) , and is 10-for-13 on stolen base attempts.saying he ’s one of the stars on this team would be an understatement.pitching wo n’t be the top storyline when you put 34 runs on the board , but starter jeff belge deserves a lot of credit for keeping xavier ’s offense in check after those first three innings.the sophomore left-hander went five innings , gave up one run on five hits , struck out nine batters , and walked two in the win.while you wo n’t find st. john ’s in any of the college baseball top 25 polls at the moment , they are a team that is clicking at the right time with the big east conference tournament beginning on may 24 . if they can make it to the ncaa tournament this year , it will be their fourth consecutive year making baseball ’s version of the big dance.so , while you are paying attention to the new york yankees and new york mets in the first months of their respective seasons , keep an eye on what st. john ’s is doing.they could be a team that makes some noise in the tournament a month from now — perhaps even making it to omaha and the college world series for the first time since 1980 . while yesterday 's 46-43 win by st. john 's over ucf was n't pretty , they are finding different ways to win … st. john ’s center tariq owens was granted his release from the program wednesday , but it does n’t mean his … the st. john ’s red storm have added eli wright out of mississippi state to their recruiting class for …
the results are in for the new york islanders when it comes to the 2018 nhl draft lottery . they did n’t win the jackpot.the nhl held its annual draft lottery on saturday night , and the new york islanders , with two chances to land the top overall pick , did n’t come out as the big winners.heading into the lottery , the islanders had the best chances to land the 10th and 12th overall picks , so falling to number 11 is a bit of a disappointment . that said , this is a deep draft class , so the isles should be able to land a pair of quality prospects with these picks.while we wait to see whether the buffalo sabres , carolina hurricanes or montreal canadiens will land the top overall pick in the 2018 nhl draft — those picks are set to be announced during the second-period intermission of saturday night ’s second-round playoff game between the vegas golden knights and san jose sharks — here ’s a look at how the rest of the lottery went .4 . ottawa senators5 . arizona coyotes6 . detroit red wings7 . vancouver canucks8 . chicago blackhawks9 . new york rangers10 . edmonton oilers11 . new york islanders12 . new york islanders13 . dallas stars14 . philadelphia flyers15 . florida panthersthe new york rangers will pick ninth , the second consecutive season that they ’ll pick in the top 10 . as for the isles , they ’ve gone defense the last time they had the 11th or 12th overall pick . they selected pat price at no. 11 in 1975 , while calvin de haan was the pick at no. 12 in 2009 . they can also take solace in some of the players other teams have snagged with those two picks.it ’s a list that includes the likes of jarome iginla ( 1995 , 11th overall , dallas ) , marian hossa ( 1997 , 12th overall , ottawa ) and anze kopitar ( 2005 , 11th overall , los angeles kings ) . with the lottery out of the way , there are two questions that need to be answered : who will the isles take , and , more importantly , who will be making the picks?we can only hope that ownership ’s “ evaluation process ” is complete by the time the 2018 nhl draft rolls around on june 22 . the new york islanders did not move up in this weekend ’s nhl draft lottery , but does the 15th … new york islanders general manager garth snow is going to have his hands full at the 2016 nhl … the golden knights announce that j-f berube is the new york islanders selection in the nhl expansion draft …
the nhl draft lottery has spoken and the new york rangers are slated to have a top 10 pick for the second consecutive draft.the new offseason began for the new york rangers with a victory of sorts , as the blueshirts land a top 10 pick in the 2018 nhl draft to continue the rebuilding process with . pick number nine , to be exact . this year ’s draft class features a good crop of players that are ranked in the top 10 , including some game-changing prospects on the defensive end . the rest of the picks look like this4 . ottawa senators5 . arizona coyotes6 . detroit red wings7 . vancouver canucks8 . chicago blackhawks9 . new york rangers10 . edmonton oilers11 . new york islanders12 . new york islanders13 . dallas stars14 . philadelphia flyers15 . florida panthers at this time , the buffalo sabres , carolina hurricanes , and the montreal canadiens are all in play for the first overall selection . those picks will be announced between the second and third period of the las vegas golden knights and san jose sharks second-round playoff game later tonight.this will be the second consecutive draft the rangers will be selecting in the top 10 . they drafted lias andersson last season seventh overall , after acquiring that pick from the arizona coyotes in the derek stepan trade.obviously , this was n’t the ideal situation , as many fans hoped to be in at least the top five picks . instead , the rangers fall one spot from their predicted spot at eight.the last time the new york rangers selected ninth overall , however , they did get pretty lucky … general manager jeff gorton was interviewed by the rangers immediately following the lottery . as most assumed , he seemed disappointed that they were n’t able to move up but a top ten pick is n’t something to be too upset about.gorton did mention that the u18 tournament , which ends sunday , will be something the rangers staff will be watching closely . there are lots of names of interest playing in the tournament including a bunch for team usa.oliver wahlstrom , who is tied for the tournament lead in goals is a projected top 10 pick , as well as his linemate winger joel farabee . another name to keep an eye on for later in the first round is defenseman k ’ andre miller , who ’s currently playing top-four minutes for team usa.although they may have fallen out of the “ elite ” range , the rangers can do plenty of damage with their three first-round picks . it 's official . the protected players from all 30 nhl organizations have been released . which new york rangers player … with the 2017-18 season quickly becoming one to forget , what better time to take a look ahead at … the new york rangers made a big splash trading derek stepan and antti raanta to arizona setting themselves …
pets are considered one of life 's greatest gifts . they 're loyal , provide comfort and so much love that we question whether we actually deserve them . and what 's that well known saying , or maybe it 's just common sense . do n't have a pet if you ca n't look after it ? that 's the one.well , it seems some people just have n't quite understood - take celia hart as an example . she walked out of court earlier this week after leaving her two cats alone in a filthy house for a fortnight , costing one his life.in what was considered a ' shocking example ' of animal neglect , 54-year-old hart was handed a suspended prison sentence by magistrates at swansea magistrates court.hart , from margam , port talbot , pleaded guilty to two animal welfare act offences after her two cats , domino and moses , were left alone in the home which was described as ' squalid ' . the pictures show cobwebs throughout the downstairs of the property , with waste piling up across various rooms . the cats had been left without food or water - leading them both to suffer unnecessarily.hart was handed a 12 week prison term , suspended for 12 months , and told to do a 20 day rehabilitation activity requirement , as a consequence of her actions.she was also banned from keeping any species of animal for a decade , and ordered to pay £ 300 in costs and a £ 115 victim surcharge.sadly , the lack of care provided to moses the cat resulted in him dying . domino , who was found emaciated and dehydrated , was rushed to a veterinary practice.fortunately domino responded well to emergency treatment and has now been happily re-homed . if there 's any good news to come from this , it 's that.rspca inspector , gemma cooper , said : " these two defenceless cats were left abandoned , and alone , without food or water in a squalid port talbot property . " it was a shocking example of animal neglect , with the poor cats given no chance in a locked , filthy property without even basic sustenance . " the defendant showed significant remorse for her actions . this case highlights how important it is for owners to seek appropriate help for animals if their situation means they are facing problems in providing them with appropriate care . " simply , there 's no excuse for this sort of neglect - with poor moses dying as a consequence ; and domino dehydrated and emaciated . " i shudder to think as to how both these poor felines suffered . fortunately , our intervention was able to save domino , who has now been happily rehomed . " this comes after ladbible reported on the woman who was jailed after beating her dog for knocking over coffee.joanne hosking , 41 , lost her temper with the poor dog when it spilled her coffee and leant over to smash it into the floor.she and her husband neglected to take their 12-month-old jack russell to the vet , despite the fact that she was vomiting up green bile.hosking and her husband , 45 year old christopher hosking - who was not present at the time of the attack - pleaded guilty to animal cruelty offences.hosking received an 18 week sentence whereas her husband received a six week curfew.both of them have been banned from owning any animals indefinitely.we ca n't help but question , what is wrong with these people ?
it is indicated that five people were hospitalized . in the united states , an explosion occurred in an oil refinery in the city of super-state of wisconsin , which affected at least 20 people , express reports . " the officials said that at least 20 people were injured , five people were taken to the hospital , " the newspaper notes . it is indicated that the explosion occurred at 10 am local time on thursday , april 26 . at the same time evacuation of people was stopped on friday at six in the morning . we emphasize that the associated press reports 11 wounded . the agency notes that now the situation is safe and stable . employees of the rescue service work on the spot . in addition , the explosions of the oil refinery led to the spread of the fire , which was successfully extinguished after a few hours . there are no data on the dead yet . the population of the superior is 27 thousand people . groups of investigators from two federal agencies were sent to investigate the causes of the explosion . the us chemical safety council said that the plant had been closed the day before to prepare for repair .
prince harry and meghan markle will live in nottingham cottage in the grounds of kensington palace cosy two-bedroom nottingham cottage , circled below , is one of the smaller properties in the grounds of kensington palacenottingham cottage has two bedrooms , a small living room , a kitchen and a bathroom.prince harry has been living at the home for the past few months . meghan markle has effectively moved in with him . the cottage was previously home to the duke and duchess of cambridge while their 20-room apartment inside the palace was refurbished.beyond that , not much is known about what the interior of the cottage looks like . it was designed by the same architect who created st. paul 's cathedral , sir christopher wren , and it 's rumored that it does n't have air conditioning ( which would make sense , given its age ) , so anyone who lives there has to set up fans to stay cool in the summer.it has its own garden , where prince harry reportedly strung up a hammock shortly after moving in , lending to that feeling of being away-from-it-all even when you 're in the midst of bustling london — and not too far from the ever-present hum of paparazzi and tourists .
as a result of slow and steady aging process we all have wrinkles on the face . the youthful face turns dull due to the aging process.fight against wrinkles is very hard and also get back the smooth as well as glowing skin.these days lot of women are suffering from early aging symptoms due to stress , lifestyle changes , poor food habit and pollution.there are a number of creams available which claims to provide the wrinkle free skin . but the expensive creams often fail to treat the skin imperfections to provide the desired results.so , if the cosmetic creams are not working well for you , then it ’s time to check out the natural way to get rid of wrinkles.the exciting thing is that you can actually make your own personal face cream to fight wrinkles . the preparation of the cream is quite simple and the effects are amazing!the homemade cream will keep your skin hydrated and evens the skin completion . it will reduce the visibility of wrinkles and also will slow down the aging process for you . it is safe to use and comes with no side effect.you will be surprised to check the visible positive results in just 7 days!here is a recipe of homemade wrinkle face cream for you.what do you need ( preparation ) : olive oil or almond oil - 1 tbsp yolk - 1 honey - 1 tsp pharmaceutical vaseline - 2 tsphow to make it ( preparation ) : take 2 tsp of pharmaceutical vaseline and heat it in the microwave for 20 seconds . add 1 tsp of honey , 1 yolk and 1 tbsp of olive oil to the melted pharmaceutical vaseline . mix it well to get a homogenous mass . pour the cream in a box of face cream in order to store it well . now , take some cream on your fingertips and provide a gentle massage with it to your face skin . leave it for 30 miuntes and later remove the excess cream from your face using a cotton pad soaked in water . use this cream daily to get a wrinkle free and glowing skin.here is some tips for better results keep in mind the following tips to get better results after application of cream it takes more than 1 hour for the cream to get absorbed in the skin . so , apply it 2 hours before the bedtime . store the face cream in the refrigerator so that you can use it for a longer time . the double dose of this cream will not go bad . it is all natural and you can use it twice a day.you should use this cream regularly and you will fall in love with your skin !
singer tom neuwirth said that from now on he wants to look more masculine and does not want to wear dresses . singer tomasovich after the announcement of his health problems back in the limelight . this time the artist admitted that he would refuse conchita wurst forever . australian singer tom neuwirth stated that he had abandoned his female alter ego . from now on , he intends to look more masculine . the artist said this in an interview with the independent magazine.the journalist asked neuwirth why he has n't been wearing dresses lately . the actor said in response that changed your image . " i do what i want to do and dress the way i want at the moment , and now i want to look more masculine , " the singer said.he also added that he intends to look more like a " normal volume " , which is not recognized on the streets . " i 've been enjoying my feminine side for the last ten years or so . i had a lot of fun with eurovision and everything that followed . i started with a diva in a gold dress , and now i 'm a more bearded drake singer in shoes , " concluded the artist .
lea michele is a bride-to-be ! the glee alum , 31 , announced her engagement to boyfriend zandy reich on instagram saturday , posting a photo of herself with her ring-bearing hand on her face . “ yes , ” she wrote in the caption , including a diamond ring emoji . “ the couple could n’t be happier , ” a source close to the pair tells people.after over a year of dating , reich , the president of clothing company ayr , proposed to michele with a four-carat elongated radiant cut ring that he personally designed with leor yerushalmi and the jewelers of las vegas.a rep for michele confirms the engagement news to people.the couple was first romantically linked in july 2017 . michele previously told people in november 2017 that reich helps her stay grounded . “ when i ’m not working , i ’m at home with my cat , with my family , with my boyfriend , with the people that i love — and that ’s how i reset , and that ’s how i center myself , ” she said . “ it ’s so important to tune out the noise and the unnecessary , and just focus on the people that you love because they know you better than anyone . ” she added : “ i ’m very happy and i think that you can tell . i do n’t really talk a lot about my personal life , but i ’m also the kind of person where i always say , ‘ you will see how happy i am just by looking at my face . ’ i ca n’t hide it . ” michele and reich ’s romance even received the “ stamp of approval ” from her longtime collaborator and boss , ryan murphy . “ when my boyfriend got the seal of approval from ryan murphy , that was it , ” michele said on the emmys red carpet in september 2017 . “ yeah my parents , yeah friends , whatever . but ryan murphy , it ’s a done deal — it sealed the deal . ” before she walks down the aisle , michele will reunite with glee costar darren criss for their joint lmdc tour . the nine-city schedule kicks off may 30 in nashville and includes stops in cincinnati , pittsburgh , washington d.c. , indianapolis , columbus , easton , newark and toronto .
if you consider yourself a dog lover , then add costa rica 's territorio de zaguates to your travel bucket list . translated , it means “ land of the strays , ” and it 's a place that over 900 rescued dogs call home . this massive group is part of a volunteer-run canine refuge located in the mountains of santa brbara in costa rica 's heredia province . during the day , the pups roam freely throughout the expansive rolling hills and , at night , they 're provided a bed and shelter by the staff.land of the strays is more than a sanctuary for homeless dogs – it 's also an active adoption program with a unique tradition : each mutt is named as a new “ breed ” based on the lineage of the dogs the organization saves . with these new labels , it helps fight the stigma that the word “ mutt ” often carries.the mountainous locale is open to the public and welcomes visitors for a fun-filled day of playtime with the excited pups . hiking is also an option , and the rescue will even schedule you a walk with a herd of dogs . although there is no pressure to take one home , we imagine it 'd be hard to resist adopting a new furry friend .
after 35 years , the iconic music group abba have announced that they have written and recorded new songs . in a statement that was released on their official instagram page , the band said ““ the decision to go ahead with the exciting abba avatar tour project had an unexpected consequence . we all felt that , after some 35 years , it could be fun to join forces again and go into the recording studio . so we did . and it was like time had stood still and we had only been away on a short holiday . an extremely joyful experience ! ” the songs were made for a two hour television special , which will air i december . it is co-produced by the bbc and nbc and the four piece will perform as cgi avatars . band member , bjorn ulvaeus said that that he and his bandmates were digitally scanned and then their avatars were made to look younger and similar to how they looked during their last tour appearance in 1979 . the avatars are also set to do a world tour next year . abba is one of the world ’s best-selling recording artists . they were formed in stockholm , sweden in 1979 and were composed of two couples , bjor ulvaeus and agnetha faltskog and benny andersson and anni-frid lyngstad . they rose to fame after winning the 1974 eurovision song contest with the song “ waterloo ” . since then they have produced hits which includes “ take a chance on me ” , “ knowing me , knowing you ” , “ dancing queen ” and “ mamma mia ” which was used as the title of a broadway musical that used their songs for all of the numbers . the musical was adapted into a film of the same name starring meryl streep on 2008 , and will be followed up by a sequel mamma mia : here we go again which will be released in june . abba chose to split following the divorce of both couples , afterwards the men of the group ulvaeus and andersson who served as the band ’s songwriters have gone on to write a couple of musicals . lyngstad has kept a low profile so did faltskog , although she did release a new album on 2013 . the band is known for outwardly rejecting any offers to regroup , so kudos to the avatar project that somehow ushered in this era of new music for one of pop ’s most legendary groups ! and i for one ca n't wait to hear their new singles , how about you ?
ingredients : 2 chicken breastssalt and pepper2/3 cup olive oil1/4 cup soy sauce1/4 cup of wine vinegar2 cloves garlic , chopped2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger1 teaspoon sesame oil2 tablespoons of sugar ( more to taste ) a pinch of red peppersalad for salad1/2 red onion , cut into very thin semicircles1 cup of cherry tomatoes , cut in half1 tangerine1 tablespoon sesame seeds1 tablespoon black sesamepreparation : to make the dressing , add olive oil , soy sauce , vinegar , garlic , ginger , sesame oil , sugar and red pepper to the blender . mix until the sugar is completely dissolved.season with salt and chicken pepper and fry on both sides until cooked , about 10 minutes.remove from heat , allow to cool for 5 minutes and cut into cubes.lay the chopped meat in a bowl , pour 1/3 of the dressing and sprinkle with sesame seeds of both colors . stir to sesame stuck.lay the greens for salad , sliced red onions and half a cherry tomatoes in a bowl . pour the dressing and add chicken and mandarin slices , stir.serve the salad with chicken and tomatoes , decorated with herbs .
human creativity is boundless . things that seem ordinary like handwriting can be transformed into a masterpiece . phil vance , artist from the united states made a typography work of handwriting shaped famous characters such as charlie chaplin to cartoon characters joker in batman.interestingly , the words in this handwriting are not carelessly you know . phil vance chose a word or phrase that describes the character . not infrequently he also uses famous quotes from the characters concerned . as a result , in addition to interesting to see , this work also has many life lessons.using gradations , phil can make the series of writings look like characters . phil vance is very dedicated to his work . in fact there is one of his works that spent making more than 100 hours!reported from his instagram account @ filldoforealdo , this some portraits of phil vince 's work that make amazed .1 . playing with color , this joker character who became his latest work .2 . seen closer , all these words are excerpts from joker figure .3 . looks alive , this work has extraordinary detail .4 . looks like plain writing , this is a figure of johnny cash .5 . pablo picasso face sketch looks detailed in this work .6 . portrait of famous novelist mark twain this facial expression looks like a painting .7 . who does n't know the father of this one ? 8 . like in the movie , charlie chaplin looks sweet with black and white portraits .9 . edward abbey 's thin smile in this portrait makes it look like an ordinary painting .10 . portrait of nikola tesla this could be your inspiration to work.sorry if there is a mistake in writing
seoul : north korean leader kim jong un told south korean president moon jae-in that he will close his main nuclear test site in may and invite experts and journalists from the united states and south korea into the country soon , a senior spokesman for moon said sunday.pyongyang will also change its time zone by half an hour to align it with seoul time , yoon young-chan told reporters during a briefing sunday.yoon said kim had made the announcements during his historic meeting on friday with moon at the demilitarized zone between the two countries.kim stepped over the line dividing the korean peninsula to meet with moon , the first time the leaders of north and south korea have talked in person since 2007 . following a full day of talks and symbolic events , both leaders issued a statement calling for the end of the korean war , committing to the “ complete denuclearization ” of the peninsula , and heralding a “ new era of peace . ” sunday ’s announcement from seoul came after us president donald trump suggested that his highly anticipated summit with kim could come as soon as “ the next three or four weeks . ”“ look , i may go in . it may not work out . i leave , ” trump announced during a rally in the us state of michigan on saturday night .
ingredients : 6 egg whites 4 egg yolks 2-1/4 cups sugar 1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce 1/4 cup canola oil 3/4 cup fat-free milk 1/2 teaspoon almond extract 1-1/2 cups cake flour 1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut 3 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar 1 teaspoon confectioners ' sugardirections : let egg whites stand at room temperature for 30 minutes . move oven rack to lowest position . preheat oven to 325 ° . in a large bowl , beat egg yolks , sugar , applesauce and oil until well blended ; beat in milk and extract . combine flours , coconut , baking powder and salt ; gradually beat into egg yolk mixture until blended . in another bowl , beat egg whites and cream of tartar until stiff peaks form ; fold into batter . gently spoon into an ungreased 10-in . tube pan . cut through batter with a knife to remove air pockets . bake on the lowest oven rack 65-75 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched . immediately invert pan ; cool completely , about 1 hour . run a knife around side and center tube of pan . remove cake to a serving plate . sprinkle with confectioners ' sugar.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 287 calories , 7g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 51 mg cholesterol , 155 mg sodium , 52g carbohydrate ( 32g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 5g protein.makes : 16 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 65 min . + cooling
ingredients : 2/3 cup sliced almonds , toasted 1-1/3 cups semisweet chocolate chips 2 packages ( 8 ounces each ) cream cheese , softened 2/3 cup sugar 1 carton ( 12 ounces ) frozen whipped topping , thawed 1 cup each fresh raspberries , blueberries and blackberries 2 tablespoons seedless strawberry jamdirections : place almonds in a small food processor ; cover and pulse until chopped . sprinkle into a greased 9-in . springform pan ; set aside . in a microwave , melt chocolate chips ; stir until smooth . cool completely . in a large bowl , beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth . beat in melted chocolate ; fold in whipped topping . spread cream cheese mixture evenly into prepared pan . mound fruit on top . microwave jam on high for 15 seconds or until melted ; drizzle over fruit . cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours . remove sides of pan.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 399 calories , 26g fat ( 17g saturated fat ) , 42 mg cholesterol , 114 mg sodium , 37g carbohydrate ( 29g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 5g protein.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + chilling
ingredients : 400 g chicken fillet1 small onion1 small carrot1 kg of broccoli cut into slices800 g of cheese1/2 cup of milk1/4 cup thick creamsalt and black pepper to taste1/4 tsp . red pepper 1 tablespoon mustard300 g of crackers.preparation : preheat the oven to 150 degrees . crush the crackers in a large bowl , leaving some large chunks . set aside . cut the fillet into slices and fry a little with onions and carrots until golden brown . set aside.dip the broccoli into boiling water and let it simmer for 1 minute . then strain and set aside.cut the sausage cheese into small pieces . now throw in a large pot of milk , cream , salt , black and red pepper . melt it , stirring constantly , until the mixture is completely smooth.now you can add chicken pieces and mustard.it 's time to add the broccoli to the cheese sauce , then decorate with crumbs of crackers.stir , then pour the mixture into a greased baking sheet.you can sprinkle the mixture with black pepper.bake should be from 15 to 20 minutes , or until the hot salad with chicken is browned.a gorgeous salad recipe is ready . bon appetit !
alternative medicine with onion is considered to be incredibly valuable and healthy food product.this remedy operates on the body inside and out.as well as helps with colds and blood pressure , spring onions have anti-inflammatory properties and acts against fungi , stress and fatigue.but in addition to being appreciated in nutrition onions very helpful in other ways.here is what you can cure with this remedy : 1 . sore throat : cut the onion into small pieces , and it can add grated ginger and salt and put it all together in a cloth bag or cloth and warm . a warm compress wrap in another cloth and put it on the inflamed part ( head , chest , palms or back ) .2 . swollen legs : onions cook for a few minutes . blender to mix ( if necessary , add a little water ) , until the mixture turns into a paste . such paste , grease swollen parts of the leg . this recipe has been used for hundreds of years and is very helpful .3 . runny nose : mash onion and its juice soak a cotton ball . such wet put on the nose and sinus area .
like many teenagers , my son had a problem choosing what to do in life ... as someone more experienced in the house , my mother decided to choose her interest in my son . she thought she could be very helpful to my son , and he would always have enough money with her help . she thought that it was much better to know some craft instead of going to study , so she decided to become a cook.my son was not against the idea at first , and he pointed out that it was not for him . however , my mother promised him that he would buy him an apartment and a car if he learned a craft . it was a huge motive for him to start learning to cook . i could n't believe that he really started to learn to cook . i was hoping that it began to really interest him , not just to do it because of the promise he gave his grandmother.he did not want to go to the cooking classes , but he wanted to learn himself , and with his grandmother he had arranged for every saturday to prepare a treat for it.on saturday , having trusted my son , she went to the store and he stayed at the house to make lunch . he wanted to make some kind of experiment with food . however , he was not careful enough , and when he picked up a sink that turned on , she started to burn the kitchen . fortunately , he quickly and easily got out of the rain and was not injured.when his grandmother came , she could not believe what had happened and how he managed to set fire to the house . my son then confessed to her that she did not like cooking , and that she only wanted her to do the favor . of course , nothing was left of his car and apartment , but it did not matter any more.in the end , my son asked us not to interfere again with what he would do in life , and that he himself would decide when he was mature enough .
we use earbuds . we lose earbuds . we replace earbuds . just like bobby pins and socks , this is just a fact of life . if you 're looking to stock up for the inevitable , you can get a solid pair in the rx18p comfort-fit in-ear headphones for just $ 8.99 . do n't let the price fool you ; these are a great pair of headphones that fit comfortably in your ears and deliver great value . with quality sound , inline controls , and an ergonomic fit , these headphones cover all the bases . here 's the rundown : the 10 mm dynamic drivers deliver crisp audio with deep controlled bass . plus , the inline microphone and remote allow you to control everything without having to reach for your phone . the ergonomic earpiece , which follows the natural shape of your ear , offers all-day comfort . sure , they 're not wireless , but at least your ears will be comfortable when you wear them ( and you wo n't have to worry about charging any batteries ) . normally $ 15.99 , the rx18p comfort-fit in-ear headphones are on sale today for $ 8.99 – a 43 % discount . so go ahead and get a backup for your backup — you 'll thank us later . image : mee audio
go fest 2 was also hinted at for pokemon go players a pokemon go player by the twitter handle of pokemondoctoryt just happened to be sharing a flight with niantic ’s ceo john hanke , who told him some upcoming features and events for the game . the conversation was retweeted and broken down by another pokemon go player , reversal . in his breakdown , reversal revealed that niantic will be raising the level cap for pokemon go at some point in the future , that the next generation of pokemon ( generation 4 ) will be added , and that a player versus players ( pvp ) system is in the works as well . it comes as no surprise that the fourth generation of pokemon was going to be added to pokemon go , as i would imagine every generation of pokemon will find its way onto the mobile game , but a pvp system has been in the works for a while now , ever since the game ’s release , and i ’m happy to hear it ’s finally getting some attention . hanke ( niantic ’s ceo ) also mentioned to pokemondoctoryt that they were working on making the game ’s map more raid friendly , allowing players to request pokestops at some point in the future , some new items in the works , and more action taken against spoofers ( players who cheat to get different types of pokemon , or to give themselves an unfair advantage ) , with niantic already banning plenty of them from their game . as there has yet to be an official confirmation from niantic , we ’re taking all the information with a pinch of salt , and will update this article should the information be false . what are your thoughts on this ? do you believe the rumours ? let us know ! source
the world championships are set to begin on may 4 , so a few new york rangers are getting ready for action with some pre-tournament games.on thursday , sweden took on the czech republic in the sweden hockey games as part of the euro hockey tour . the new york rangers were well represented.mika zibanejad and lias andersson faced off against filip chytil to kick off the three-game tour . before the game began , the three met up . mika zibanejad had a strong game against the czech republic as he scored a shorthanded goal for team sweden . lias andersson had an assist as he and zibanejad were on the same line as andersson skated on the wing . it was fun to watch lias andersson and filip chytil line up against each other on a faceoff . what made it even more interesting was that both players normally play at center , but lined up on the wing position during this faceoff . fans should be looking forward to seeing these two team up again as rangers next season.lias andersson ’s primary assist on oliver ekman - larsson ’s goal was fast with a great fake shot that opened a lane for the pass across the ice.vladislav namestnikov has an injured shoulderas was reported by esny on friday , forward vladislav namestnikov has an injured shoulder and will not play for team sweden in the world championships next week . team doctors anticipate his shoulder should be healed in about three weeks.jimmy vesey visits irelandjimmy vesey took some time off the ice and traveled to dublin , ireland with some friends . he posted some pictures on his instagram account as he was enjoying a pint.the rangers forward needs to regroup as the team is looking for big things from him when camp opens in september.other rangers news , storiestom urtz , jr. of blueshirtbamter.com questions the value of a mats zuccarello trade.i take a look at the nhl lottery draft and what it means to the rangers ’ rebuild . just when you thought it was safe to jump into the water , new york rangers ' forward j.t. miller … new york rangers prospect filip chytil has been invited to play for team czech republic in the 2018 … the waiving of josh jooris suggests that a countering move is in the works for the new york …
a couple who have become britain ’s oldest parents through use of a surrogate mother at the ages of 63 and 65 are left ‘ devastated ’ after their baby was taken away by social services.the parents ' age is reportedly thought to be a factor in concerns over their one-year-old ’s well-being . social services first spoke with the couple , who are from the north of england , last year and warned them that they had to make improvements to how their child was being cared for.it was decided that the necessary measures to ensure the child ’s well-being had not been taken and so social services took the baby into care , reported the sun.the adoptive parents spent more than £ 100,000 on the surrogate mother , who was in her 30s . it is believed that she was impregnated using the 65-year-old father ’s sperm and a donor egg.they use a clinic abroad to complete the procedure as most in the uk would not deal with a couple their age.the child ’s british birth mother and her husband were named on the birth certificate , but they signed a parental order letting the older couple adopt the baby.social services were closely monitoring the situation and decided to take the child away after concerns were raised.the infant is thought to be in foster care while the adoptive parents continue to fight for custody - they have already failed in one bid but are believed to be allowed some contact in monitored visits.a source said : ‘ this is a very unusual situation . although it is upsetting for all , social workers have done what they think is best for the child . ’ the adoptive mother refused to comment , as did the couple ’s local council .
a football supporter has taken his fandom to the extreme by hiring a crane to see into the stadium he has been banned from for a year.the turkish man , a diehard fan of the denizlispor football club , would not be denied his chance to see his team clash with gaziantepspor today.the man hired a crane and parked it beside the stadium , enjoying uninterrupted views of the five-goal drubbing his team handed out.relishing the bird 's eye view of the game , the man cheers on his team as fans within the stadium noticed the stunt and cheered him on in return.the man also brought a team flag and let the green and black colours of the denizlispor club fly over the stadium . a host of images and videos of the man were posted to social media as his team ran riot on gaziantepspor , winning five nil , 7 news reported . there are no reports on why the fan was banned from the stadium but his ingenious solution won over the club 's supporters . time will tell if the fan employs the same method each home game until his ban is lifted . denizlispor were in need of win as they sit in 15th place out of 18 teams in the turkish cup .
a 23-year-old man has spent his life trapped inside the body of an 11-pound baby unable to walk or talk.a 23-year-old man has spent his life trapped inside the body of an 11-pound baby unable to walk or talk.manpreet singh , from india , has been labelled the ' pint-sized ' man by neighbours after he stopped growing physically and mentally after a year - leaving him as an eternal toddler.the young man requires round the clock care from his uncle karanvir singh , 45 , and aunt lakhwinder kaur , 42 , who carry him everywhere and dote on him.manpreet was born in 1995 but suddenly stopped growing before he could walk and talk , but doctors told his father jagtar singh , 50 , that he would start growing again.but that never happened and doctors have been left baffled as to the reason why as his brother mangaldeep and sister jaspreet have both physically and mentally developed.doctors believe the growth defect is due to a hormone deficiency but are unable to identify exactly what without an expensive medical investigation.mk bhadu , a medical officer at a state-run facility at hisar , said : “ the patient ’s growth stopped due to some hormonal imbalance . " a child begins to develop mentally and physically from the age of three . if his body is not developing , the parents should take him to a better medical facility and get him treated . " however , scientists believe manpreet may have laron syndrome , a rare genetic condition that affects just 300 across the globe.people living with laron lack a hormone called insulin-like growth factor 1 , which stimulates cells to grow and divide to form new cells.despite his unusual condition manpreet is showered with love and affection by family and villagers with many locals believing he is an incarnation of god.his uncle karanvir said : “ manpreet giggles like a toddler and seldom gets sad . it ’s only when the dogs or any other animal makes a sound , he gets terrified and cries . " he is a delightful child and gestures the guests with his hands to sit , and tries to befriend them . ” manpreet has been cared for by his relatives throughout most of his life , who shower him with love and affection , and refuses to stay with his parents who live 112 km away.lakhwinder added : “ we have sent him back to his parents several times , but he wo n't stay with them . " manpreet would stop eating and keep crying all the time there . but when he is sent back to us again , he would turn into the same bubbly and joyful kid . " we love this little bundle of joy so much that the idea of letting him go makes my heart sink . " however the family are worried about his future and have been consulting medical professionals to try and understand his condition .
the list of things one can make using a simple wooden pallet it getting bigger everyday . shelves are among the most versatile and simple projects and at the top of everyone ’s list . and in case you were wondering , there are tons of different ways in which you can make a shelf from a pallet . we ’ve gathered the following examples to showcase the variety of pallet shelves you could be building yourself as your next diy project . this is one of the simplest projects you can ever find . all you have to do is add a few pieces of wood to make the platforms on which the vases and everything else will be sitting . the rest of the pallet stays intact . similarly , you have to make just a few little changes to get this project done . remove a few pieces , reorient others and that ’s about it . at the end you ’ll have a rustic shelf for your wall and a place to display photos . the pallet itself can be the main attraction . the items you display on its shelves are merely ornaments for the pallet . this works out great in a rustic décor . another simple idea is to carefully cut the pallet in smaller sections and mount those on the wall where they can serve as shelves . you can store books inside the compartments and display decorations on top . obviously , you can also take things a step further and dismantle the pallet and use the pieces in a different configuration . for example , make a set of simple shelves like these ones for the living room . you do n’t have to use all the pieces if you do n’t want to . make small shelves that fit in the space you have available , such as in the area above the toilet , in the bathroom so you can add a bit of character to the space . all you have to do in order to make these bookshelves is cut a pallet and then sand and paint the shelves as desired . the method is quick and simple and you can put these bookshelves anywhere you want . this is a really great project if you want to put some shelves in the kids ’ room so they can organize and store their books , magazines and drawings . it ’s not complicated at all and you can paint the shelves an attractive color . this is basically the same project but , in this case , the shelves are not used for storing books . instead , they ’re similar to a fireplace mantel and used to display seasonal decorations , framed images and photos . if you ’re looking for a simple way to display your small book collection , there ’s no need to go search for the perfect design in stores . you can make it yourself using nothing more than a wooden pallet . personalize it however you want with your choice of paint or stain . do n’t have books to display ? maybe you have a collection of dvds , in which case building a shelf storage unit for them from a pallet is just as easy . just remember to measure twice before you cut anything . wooden pallets are also great for making small home bars . you can basically just mount the pallet on the wall without making any big changes to its structure and use the shelves to store your bottles and glasses . there ’s also the possibility to reduce the size of the bar and to outfit it with a glass rack and a few themed decorations . this can be a rustic way of displaying your wine collection without a lot of fuss or effort . take the pallet in the kitchen where you can turn it into a practical accessory . the shelves can be used to store and organize spices , bottles and jars . want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
wall shelves are extremely practical and versatile and they come in a lot of different styles . a particularly interesting option is actually a diy strategy . the main idea is to turn a drawer into a wall shelf . you could opt for this strategy if , for example , you end up with an old chest of drawers which you no longer need or if you simply want your wall shelves to look special . you can customize and personalize the drawers in a lot of great and interesting ways . one simple idea is to paint them . you can have multiple drawer shelves displayed on a wall , each featuring a different color and identical designs and dimensions . drawer shelves can be a really good option for narrow spaces such as the are between a wall and a door , a space that usually stays empty . once again , find a way to customize each drawer . you could use colored shelf liner or paint to decorate the interior . stack them in a playful , asymmetrical way for an eye-catching look . pair two drawers and display them together on a wall in a way similar to the example featured on theperfectshadeofgrey . the whole transition from drawer to shelf involves the use of some acrylic craft paint , sandpaper , wrapping paper and glue . it should n’t take more than one or two hours to complete the project . you can leave the drawer pulls on for more charm . several different drawers or various shapes and sizes can be mounted on a wall in order to create an interesting display . you can remove the bottom of each drawer so the wall color becomes visible when you mount them there . they ’ll look similar to box shelves or cubbies . a single drawer can become a really great and practical storage shelf for the bathroom . you can divide the drawer into two sections . put shelf liner on the bottom to create a beautiful backdrop . you can also attach small hooks for hanging brushes and other things . you could also divide the interior of the shelf in several compartments , depending on the drawer ’s size and the nature of the items you can to store there . as you mount it on the wall , several shelves will allow you to use the drawer as storage for toilet paper rolls , brushes and other things . another fun and interesting idea is to use drawers to make a unique bookcase . this is interesting because of the way the drawers are mounted on the wall . the project is featured on addisonmeadowslane . the supplies needed include the drawers , adjustable clamps , oil based primer , spray paint , a foam roller , a piece of wood , wood screws and drywall anchors.want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
garden is a place where you can find your interior peace , where you can enjoy your plants , love reading a book or admire the beautiful nature . the fresh air and the peaceful atmosphere will make recharge your batteries and feel like a new person . if you love your garden then you definitely take care of its design and make sure that it looks attractive and nice.especially for your garden here are some lovely diy garden paths of wood slabs that will make it look great . it will make you think of those lovely walks that you take in the woods where everything fills you with energy and life.you just need to find some wood logs to cut two inch disks of them they all will be in different sizes so each path would be unique . to make a path of these slices you need to dig into the ground a bit to press them in . this is a really nice and easy project and those who have a house and like this pattern can create some wonderful paths in their own yard . besides the fact that the yard will look lovely they will also protect you from mud , in case it rains and you have only ground around your house . want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
meghan markle is just weeks away from officially becoming a member of the british royal family , but she 's already stepped out for several official royal events — a first for a royal fiancée.as an actress , meghan is used to to appearing in public and commanding attention , but being royal brings with it a totally different level of public scrutiny . as she changes up her style to meet her massive new position , meghan has reportedly turned to soon-to-be sister-in-law , kate middleton . kate has a load of designers she loves and she 's reportedly been recommending some of her favourites to meghan . " kate is often in the studio to go over lookbooks and have fittings , and she suggested the boutique to meghan for more formal wear , " a source told vanity fair . meghan turned to wickstead for her outfit and to philip treacy for her pillbox hat for wednesday 's anzac service at westminster abbey . both designers are favourites of her future sister-in-law . " kate ’s not the sort of person to get offended if someone wears something she likes or one of her favourite designers , ” the source continued . " meghan asked her advice for formal wear and kate told her where to go . they were also consulting each other on their clothes so that they complemented each other on engagements and did n’t clash . " kate also apparently suggested that meghan goes for pieces by british designers — advice that meghan took for the queen 's birthday concert , to which she wore an amazing cape dress by stella mccarthy.after she officially joins the royal family on may 19 , meghan 's wardrobe will be paid for by a fund through prince charles , but until then , she 's responsible for buying her own clothes — and also not allowed to accept free pieces from designers .
energy value per servingcaloric value 201 kcalproteins 27.4 gramsfats 5.1 gramscarbohydrates 10.9 gramsingredients r 3 servings : gelatin 25 gramssoft skim cottage cheese 300 glow-lactose skim milk 200 mlsugar substitute in tablets 15 piecesvanillin 2 gramspoppy 30 gramsblueberrie 50 gramsraspberries 50 gramsground cinnamon 2 teaspoonslime 1 piecehow to prepare . .......... 4 hours1 . pour gelatin into a liter of saucepan with 200 grams of water and leave for 40 minutes . 2 . if the berries are frozen , then put them on a plate in one layer . in 40 minutes they will not unfrozen at all , but it 's even better . 3 . after 40 minutes the swollen gelatin is put on a slow fire and dissolve it , not leading up to a boil . 4 . pour milk and cottage cheese into a pot of gelatin . pour rastolchennye tablets sugar substitute , vanillin and 20 grams of poppy . stir everything until smooth . 5 . you can use a round biscuit shape with a detachable sidewall or glass bowl . the glass bowl will need to be turned over and take out the cake after it has solidified , for this purpose previously moistened with water the bottom should be sprinkled with the remaining poppy and cinnamon . 6 . cottage cheese and milk mass carefully pour into the mold and even more carefully put the berries into it , evenly distributing them . top with lime juice . 7 . the cake will solidify in an ordinary refrigerator chamber for 3 hours .
if you did n't get invited to the royal wedding , fear not , because there 's another way you can visit prince harry and meghan markle 's wedding venue . while the royal wedding ceremony itself is taking place in st. george 's chapel at windsor castle , the reception will take place on the same site , at frogmore house.according to harper 's bazaar uk , the " berkshire-based building was first purchased by george iii as a present for his wife , queen charlotte , back in 1792 . ever since , royals from across the generations have hosted private dinner parties within its walls and everything from its decadent interiors to the garden planting scheme reflect past owners from queen victoria to queen elizabeth ii . " king edward vii , queen alexandra , and princess dagmar of denmark at frogmore house . prince charles will host the couple 's wedding reception at frogmore house on may 19 . and while the building is n't usually open to visitors , frogmore house will open to members of the general public for three days only from june 5 , with all proceeds going to charity . the money raised will support the national gardens scheme , armed forces charity ssafa , and the prisoners ' education trust.the royal family in the gardens at frogmore house . the house itself is heavily influenced by botany , with intricate floral designs adorning many of the walls . the passions of several generations of the royal family can also be found within the walls — for instance , the britannia room features items and artefacts from the duke of edinburgh 's " much-loved vessel " royal yacht britannia , which was removed from service in 1997 . so if you 're planning a trip to the uk anytime soon , then you just might get the chance to visit prince harry and markle 's reception venue without a wedding invite .
guide line of how to make money with gaming videos on youtubehe guide line of how to make money with gaming videos on youtubehe guide line of how to make money with gaming videos on youtubehe guide line of how to make money with gaming videos on youtubehe guide line of how to make money with gaming videos on youtubehow do you work with games , what are the different types of software to use1 / first of all , you need a high-definition pc , core i5 processor , 4gb ram , 8 gb better , and 2 gb graphics card , 1 terabyte hard disk2 / useful software , you can use fraps or camtasia , power director , bandycam to record your skin , if you want to have your own video , keep a video camera , and your channel 's popularity can be recorded by you . many stars will be able to view and get a lot of audio editing and audio can be used for audio editing . it is free and it is very easy to use3 / video editing software , you can use cametasia , windows movie maker , if you are a bigener , and if you want to give more professional footage to the footage of your game , then you can use sony vegas pro , adobe premier pro and after effects to get the tutorial on youtube . how to edit video4 / when all your hands are in your hand , then your turnaround turn you want to play games ? now the current responsive games are , fifa , grand theft auto , minectaft , skyrim , and lego games . now i see fifa and minicraft play and it 's a lot better ,5 / when your game is selected , just play your turn and play record , turn to the game again , then you can upload it to youtube by editing well , and those who work with you gaming will do 2-3 , one will video editing will do another audio editing , another will better optimize the youtube channel , and when you work , do a schedule , when will you work ,6 / all itoo now say play games but why not get the view , why not come in my video view ? the answer to this question is that you have to optimize your video , your video must be hd quality at least 720p and better at 1080p , then if you enjoy watching the video you share , you will share it in more places , and when the video is uploaded then of course , title , tag , disk crepe will be better and your video is definitely facebook , twitter , google plus , pintrest , daily if you get a good view of the osona to share , and your voice will then try to speak in english , then the income will be pretty goodsome tips : when you make a video , people will trick to give them entertainment , so do not copy your channel populi to many people , and you do not have to copy it to others , you can try it yourself and make good hd quality videos , then your viewer will see your entire video you will see a lot of bad comments in your comment box , you will positively take it when the video editor roben will try to give intro video to the video , and it will do a lot of work to watch . keeping another video on your channel 's other video means using the indie screen or antennas , your view will increase . and the last thing is to make a video and do not stop it . .
kylie jenner was spotted out and about with two giant , sparkly diamond rings on her ring finger and everyone 's all , " ooooooh she 's engaged to travis scott ! " but is she ?? first , let 's look at the evidence — which is just this picture that the paps snapped while kylie was out and about with bestie jordyn woods on saturday afternoon . backgrid and uh ... that 's all the evidence we have . back in early march , kylie sparked rumors that she was engaged when she wore a band on her ring finger , but that turned out just to be a ring . or was it ?! what 's more , kylie appears to have worn these exact diamond rings before !? noone going to mention the ring finger ? i know we are kinda distracted by the new baby but ..... she engaged/married too ? #kylie #kyliejenner #kyliejennerpregnant #kyliebaby #kyliejennerbaby #iknewit #congratulations pic.twitter.com/cmwf1ysh6h— 3800milesaway ( @ 3800milesaway ) february 4 , 2018 so what 's the deal — has she been engaged for months , or is she just messing with us ? or does she just like rings ? which is possible , rings are dope.rumors have been around that the couple would get married ever since people started speculating that kylie was pregnant , but sources close to the couple told people that they were n't planning on marry any time soon.on valentine 's day , another family friend shared the same thoughts . “ despite being new parents , kylie and travis are still in a new relationship too . kylie is happy with their living situation , ” the source said . “ travis is a great dad . when he wants to work , kylie is supportive . ” so there you have it ! they 're not engaged ! unless they maybe are ! only time ( and also , an instagram post from both of them ) will tell !
right before we fall asleep , we pass through a semi-lucid state called hypnagogia . it 's a surreal state in which you might lose your sense of self , experience a distorted sense of space and time , get lost in lucid dreams or bizarre ideas free from constraints . geniuses through history like edison , tesla , poe and dalí have tried to channel the uninhibited creativity of the state . some even devised a trick — holding a steel ball in their hands , which would drop as soon as they left the hypnagogia state . awake , they could quickly jot down their impressions or ideas before they fell back asleep . today , researchers from mit are trying a more high-tech way to replicate that process . they designed a device called dormio intended to extend hypgnagogia and record the " microdreams " we experience in the state . dormio use sensors on an electronic glove to measure muscle tone , heart rate , and skin conductance to detect the shift from hypnagogia and actual sleep . right when you 're slipping into sleep , the device will send you a sound from a smartphone app , or a nearby jibo robot , intended to bring you back to hypnagogia without fully waking you . the bot will also start talking to you , recording anything you say aloud . throughout the night , dormio can repeat the process to incept and report dreams . " i have no doubt that hypnagogia holds applications for augmenting memory , learning , and creativity . yet also , after having explored the state myself , i find it to be a deeply valuable and inspiring sort of self-seeing which was inaccessible to me previously , " wrote project leader , adam haar horowitz . dormio 's team hopes to make the device commercially available one day , but for now , dormio is an open source software . enterprising diyers can follow a step-by-step guide to make the circuit board , and download the software for biosignal tracking on github .
when you 're sending out wedding invitations , it 's important to make them as personal as possible . so it makes sense that game of thrones actors kit harington and rose leslie were inspired by their super successful tv show when preparing their invites . according to reports , harington and leslie 's invites literally feature a picture of jon snow from game of thrones on them . per the daily mail , " the 200 guests invited to see the 31-year-old actor marry his former game of thrones co-star rose leslie at a scottish castle were tickled to see the envelopes were adorned with a stamp featuring kit as jon snow . " the limited edition stamps were released by the british postal service earlier this year , and can still be purchased from royal mail if you 're a diehard fan of the series , and ... stamps . the source , allegedly a pal of the actors , revealed to daily mail , " they organized the wedding quickly because they did n’t want information to leak . but putting kit 's face on the envelope might be a bit of a giveaway , at least for postmen across the country . " and as metro reports , harington and leslie " fear that dedicated fans of the show might turn up in their masses for the big day . " so , hopefully the stamps featuring harington 's face have n't been too much of a giveaway so far.back in jan. 2018 , leslie told town &amp; country , " i ’m trying to fit in my wedding ... i have n’t tackled it . there ’s just too much to do . " at least sending the invitations out is an important job done .
shalom brothers and sisters . today is sunday , april 29 , 2018 . today ’s bible verse : john 6:39-40verse text : [ john 6:39-40 kjv ] 39 and this is the father 's will which hath sent me , that of all which he hath given me i should lose nothing , but should raise it up again at the last day . 40 and this is the will of him that sent me , that every one which seeth the son , and believeth on him , may have everlasting life : and i will raise him up at the last day.in verse 39 jesus is telling us that all that our father have given to him will not be lost and will be raised up in the first resurrection ; the resurrection of the righteous . has our father given you to jesus ? if you are truly on the right path of torah , if you have forgiven all that have sinned against you , if you have closed all the doors that evil can come in through , and if you have asked forgiveness of all you have sinned against then there is a good chance our father has given you to jesus.in verse 40 jesus tells us that those that see him and believe in him will have everlasting life and be raised up in the first resurrection . seeing him is not necessarily in the physical but through the eyes of faith . believing in him , as was pointed out yesterday , is faith ; that is , hearing and doing torah ; his word . i hope this has been a blessing to you . may the rest of your day be blessed . shalom .
cheesy chicken stuffed shells8 jumbo pasta shells1 1/2 cups tomato sauce2 egg whites , lightly beaten1 1/2 cups reduced-fat ricotta cheese1 small skinless chicken breast , cooked and cubed ( good use of leftover chicken ) 1 cup frozen chopped spinach , thawed and with extra water squeezed out1 tsp . garlic powder1 tbsp . italian seasoning1 cup reduced-fat mozzarella cheese , shredded2 tbsp . parmesan cheese , gratedpreheat oven to 350 . cook the pasta shells in boiling water . drain and rinse under coldwater to stop them cooking further . coat a 13x9 inch pan with cooking spray . spread 1/2cup of tomato sauce over the bottom of the pan.for the filling , in a large bowl stir together the egg whites , ricotta cheese , cubedchicken , spinach , garlic powder , and the italian seasoning . stir in 1/4 cup mozzarellacheese and 1 tbsp . parmesan cheese . spoon the filling into the shells and place the filledshells in a single layer in the baking dish . spread the remaining tomato sauce on top ofthe shells . sprinkle the shells with the remaining cheeses . bake about 30 minutes .2 shells per serving , each serving 8 points
vacant schools or other idle sites in hong kong should be used to build temporary housing for families living in the city ’s so-called coffin homes , a concern group said on sunday . coffin homes , or “ caged homes ” , are subdivided flats that derive their name from their cramped quarters . the typical living area for each tenant is 45 square feet , about the size of a ping-pong table , said subdivided flats concerning platform in hong kong , which conducted a recent study on coffin homes . even the cost of coffin homes is increasing in the world ’s most expensive housing market , as the study found that families were spending 36.3 per cent of household income on rent , up from 33.9 per cent a year ago . as the government begins a five-month public consultation to gather information on ways to increase the city ’s land supply for housing developments , the group ’s convenor , lai kin-kwok , said people living in coffin homes can not afford to wait that long . “ those squeezed in subdivided units do n’t have the luxury of waiting for the government to arrange more debates on land supply to fix the housing problem , ” lai said , as he urged the government to use sites to build temporary housing . “ a wait of one day is already very long for them . ” conducted between january and march , the study covered 68 families living in subdivided cubicles in kwun tong , tsuen wan , hung hom , and kwai chung . the average size of a subdivided unit was about 130 square feet , with rent averaging hk $ 4,500 ( us $ 575 ) a month , according to the study . in one extreme case , a family of four in kwun tong was paying hk $ 7,800 a month for a subdivided cubicle of about 160 square feet , which was more than half of the family ’s income . there is no legal definition in hong kong for a subdivided flat , but the term is commonly used to described cases where one flat is partitioned into two or more self-contained cubicles . many of the conversions are carried out illegally , but they are often the only option for poor families , especially those waiting for public housing . according to official estimates , in 2016 , there were about 210,000 people living in such subdivided units . it was revealed in march that the housing authority would sell some 2,500 units in sham shui po that were originally allocated for needy families on the waiting list . the authority maintained it would not seriously affect the supply of rental housing and estimated that the move would only make those on waiting list wait 11 days longer . applicants for public housing rose from 199,600 in july 2012 to about 283,000 in december 2017 . the average waiting time for a public housing flat was 4.7 years , up from 2.7 years in 2012 .
jd.com , china ’s second-largest e-commerce company , has bought a 10 per cent stake in china logistics property holdings for hk $ 898.99 million ( us $ 114.55 million ) through a subsidiary , according to a filing with the hong kong stock exchange on friday . after trading hours on friday , jd subscriber agreed to buy 321,068,999 cnlp shares at a price of hk $ 2.80 a share , a premium of about 5.66 per cent on their closing price of hk $ 2.65 . proceeds from the sale will be used for the development of logistics park projects and as general working capital . jd subscriber ’s stock represents 9.90 per cent of cnlp ’s enlarged issued share capital , with the shareholding of its biggest shareholder , yupei international management , slipping to 24.29 per cent from 26.95 per cent , cnlp said . “ jd.com is the largest tenant of the group and its investment will ensure a high occupancy rate of the logistics facilities . it will also reduce the company ’s debts , ” said kenneth cheuk , chief financial officer and executive director of cnlp . the company ’s debt to total assets stands at about 35 per cent , according to cheuk . li shifa , chairman and president of cnlp , said in a statement that jd.com ’s promise to undertake a lock-up period of the shares for six months shows it is confident about cnlp ’s prospects . jd.com ’s entitlement to nominate one director to its board also indicated its commitment to developing the group , li added . china ’s e-commerce market continues to create intense competitive pressures , driving companies to develop logistics facilities and capabilities to control costs and quality through their own networks . last week , jd.com ’s american depository receipts in the us fell to their lowest intraday level in about a year . that came even after jd.com posted better than expected full-year revenue in march , which rose by 40.3 per cent to 362.3 billion yuan ( us $ 57.21 billion ) in 2017 . headquartered in shanghai , cnlp is china ’s second-largest supplier of premium logistics facilities after glp , according to property consultant dtz . as of december 2017 , the company ’s logistics facilities portfolio reached 3.1 million square metres and it had facilities in 27 logistics parks in 14 provinces or municipalities . cnlp ’s revenue increased by 49 per cent from a year earlier to 403.9 million yuan in 2017 . profit attributable to the owners of the company rose by 22 per cent to 885.8 million yuan . as of december 31 , 2017 , it had a gross floor area of about 3.6 million square metres .
my son and his friends have always been to me for children who only know that they are doing some damage . however , when they grew , everything changed ... if somebody told me that it would happen to me that i fell in love with friend of my son , i would tell him it was crazy and that it could never have happened , mostly because of the big difference in years.by the age of 18 , i watched him and his companion as children every time they came to our home . after that , every time she would come to our home , she would be more beautiful and prettier . it has awakened her feelings for me.i began to call them constantly to organize trips and to hang out with them in order to be as close as possible to her , but i did not dare tell her that i feel anything about her because i do not know how my son would react.as i was more and more often near her , i was more determined to tell her that . waiting for the right opportunity , i realized that i have to create a situation in which i will confess to her what i feel about her . i decided to drink a little more alcohol every night and relax , because it was the easiest excuse for me to confess everything.on the first occasion when my son went to the toilet , i took the opportunity to tell her everything . i told her that i fell in love with her but that i understand that i am older than her and that i do not expect to get in any connection . to my surprise she also admitted to me that she began to feel something towards me but that she could not be with me because her son was the best friend . when my son came back from the toilet , his forehead was acting as normal as if nothing had happened ... since then she has started to come with my son more and more and in one third she has ceased to come in general and i no longer have any contact with her .
kim kardashian west broke her silence about tristan thompson alleged cheating on khloe kardashian . in a sneak peak , kim opened up to ellen degeneres about thompson cheating on her sister . “ like , i do n’t even know how to describe it . it ’s just so f — ked up , ” kim said . a video of thompson with another woman in november circulated on social media days before she gave birth to his daughter true . she continued , “ we were really rooting for khloe and we still are , you know , she ’s so strong and she ’s doing the best that she can . it ’s a really sad situation , all over . ” a source told us weekly , thompson “ slides into dms all the time . ” khloe is “ not ready to make a decision ” about her future with thompson . yet , a source told people thompson is n’t ready to give up on their relationship , that he “ seems willing to get help ” and “ admits his behavior is completely wrong . ” kim added that she would be “ cute ” since there is a child involved . “ i kind of made this rule with my brother . if there ’s a baby involved , i ’m gon na keep it cute , keep it classy and not talk to bad ; i ’m going to try and not say anything so negative , ” the mother of three said . “ because one day true is gon na see this and you know , it ’s just so messed up . ” the full episode will air april 30 .
there ’s more to planters that just the old-fashioned terracotta pots or the usual plastic containers . there are lots of other great options to choose from and all it takes is a little bit of creativity . you could even make your own planter . you can give it any extra features you want and use any materials you want for the project . check out the following ideas for some inspiration . a very practical idea is to build a planter that doubles as a storage box or small cabinet . you can do that in only 10 easy steps . first you create the side frames out of wood boards and using glue and screws . then you make the box frame that goes at the top . apply the sides and the back and then add the bottom . align and attach the top . then add the door and sand the box . stain it and install the hinges and handle . at the end , make the planting tray and line it with a sheet of plastic . insert the tray into the top . want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
" ... she came up behind him in the crowd and touched his cloak , because she thought , ' if i just touch his clothes , i will be healed . ' " mark 5:27-28she 'd been suffering for years with an illness , a bleeding disorder . she 'd been to many doctors and yet still was not made well , in fact the bible says that she grew worse . but something compelled her to christ . she believed . she had faith.the bible says that " immediately her bleeding stopped and she felt in her body that she was freed from her suffering . " ( v. 29 ) god acted on her behalf ... " immediately . " right away . his power is able to do anything that seems impossible to the world.jesus knew that power had gone out ... he turned around in the crowd , looking , and asked " who touched my clothes ? " ( v. 30 ) she came and fell at his feet , trembling in fear , told him what happened , told him the truth.and right there in the midst of her fear and her trembling and her vulnerability , he said these powerful words . life-changing , inspiring , freedom words , " daughter , your faith has healed you . go in peace and be freed from your suffering . " ( v. 34 ) let 's set aside our fears and move towards him today , in faith . god knows already , the wounds we 've carried , he knows the pain we 've felt , he knows how much we 've tried to let go , and fix things in our own power . he is able . he cares . he heals . he restores . he redeems.dear god , we confess our need for you today . we need your healing and your grace . we need hope restored . we need to be reminded that you work on behalf of those you love , constantly , powerfully , completely . forgive us for trying to fix our situations all on our own . forgive us for running all different directions and spinning our wheels to find help , when true help and healing must be found first in you . forgive us for forgetting how much we need you , above everyone and everything else . we come to you and bring you the places we are hurting . you see where no one else is able to fully see or understand . you know the pain we 've carried . the burdens . the cares . you know where we need to be set free . we ask for your healing and grace to cover every broken place . every wound . every heartache . thank you that you are able to do far more than we could ever imagine . thank you for your mighty power that acts on behalf of your children . we reach out to you , and know that you are restoring and redeeming every place of difficulty , every battle , for your greater glory . thank you that you will never waste our pain and suffering . we love you . we need you today . in jesus ' name ,
if you 're a fan of hbo 's westworld , you may have been relieved to see the return of the head of security , ashley stubbs , played by luke hemsworth . the last we saw of stubbs in season 1 , he had been attacked by the ghost nation hosts while attempting to rescue programmer elsie hughes ( shannon woodward ) . though it had been confirmed that stubbs was alive before last week 's premiere , it was nice to see him back in action ( and with that really cool beach rover ) . but what happened to stubbs before he picked up bernard ? and perhaps more importantly , why does luke hemsworth 's name sound so familiar ? we may not be able to answer that first question just yet , but here 's what we do know about the elusive aussie.hbo 1 . yes , he 's from that hemsworth family . at 37 years of age , luke hemsworth is the oldest of the hemsworth brothers . he 's also the shortest — though at 5 ' 11 " , he 's hardly short , both chris and liam hemsworth measure 6 ' 4 '' . 2 . he 's married to samantha hemsworth , and has four children . they have three daughters and one son : ella , holly , harper rose , and alexandre hemsworth .3 . he likes being the least famous hemsworth brother . he told the daily telegraph , " i worry about the loss of anonymity , which is the one thing chris and liam would want back . " 4 . he led the way for the hemsworth brothers to break into acting . with neither of their parents in the business — their father was a counselor , their mother a teacher — luke was the first to get into acting , starring on the australian soap opera , neighbours , on which chris and liam later nabbed guest spots . 5 . he is a fan of australian activities like surfing and dirt biking . that 's a dirt bike , right ? i do n't know . 6 . he made a cameo in thor : ragnarok . when chris hemsworth 's thor returns to asgard and finds his father odin watching a play about loki , the actor playing the role of thor is — you guessed it — luke . ( matt damon played the actor playing loki . ) marvel 7 . he built this . no , he did n't .8 . he 's a very supportive brother , and owns a lot of memorabilia . 9 . he likes to take pictures of horrible , horrible things . 10 . he has abs .
light pie crust - fits the bottom of a 9 " pie plate1 cup flour3 1/2 tbsp . ice water1 tsp . sugar1/4 tsp . salt3 tbsp . vegetable shortening ( i.e. crisco ) combine 1/4 cup flour and ice water , stirring until well blended . set aside . combineremaining four with sugar and salt . cut in shortening with a pastry blender or fork untilmixture resembles meal . add ice water mixture . blend until dry ingredients are moistened.press the dough into a 4 inch circle on waxed paper or plastic wrap . cover with anotherpiece of waxed paper or plastic wrap . roll covered dough into an 11 inch circle . chill atleast 10 minutes or until the paper or wrap can be removed . coat a 9 " pie plate withcooking spray . remove top sheet of paper or wrap from the dough . invert into the piepan . remove bottom sheet of paper or wrap . pat down into the pie pan , trying to notwarm up the dough . fold the upper edges of the dough and flute the edge ( pinchingworks fine ) . bake at 400 degrees for 15 minutes . cool and fill the pie shell .1 / 8 of crust = 2 points
fresh from meeting the pope , orlando bloom and katy perry continued to prove that their relationship is as strong as ever by sightseeing together in rome . while the pair have never officially confirmed that they 're dating each other once again , it 's pretty safe to say that their relationship is definitely back on following this trip . after calling bloom her " darling " in a video posted on instagram yesterday , perry then proceeded to post a loved-up selfie with the actor . taken at the colosseum , perry wears a pair of shades in the photo , while a sunglasses filter is placed over bloom 's face . still , it 's clear that this is a romantic selfie : they were also spotted walking arm in arm when leaving the colosseum , and justjared has some photos of their pda.neither the actor nor the singer tried to hide the fact that they were in rome together . posting on their respective instagram accounts , bloom and perry both shared photos from the same locations throughout the day : yesterday , bloom and perry met the pope , and the iconic moment was caught on camera : vatican media foto/handout/epa-efe / rex/shutterstock reports that bloom and perry had rekindled their relationship began circulating at the start of 2018 , with a source telling the sun , " they ’re back on . katy wants to make things work this time around . she tried , but she could n’t cut him off . " they also vacationed in the maldives together in jan. 2018 , at luxury resort amilla fushi . then the following month they were spotted in prague , where bloom was shooting his new show carnival row ( via us weekly ) .
assuming remasters and re-releases do n’t count remember two months ago when breath of the wild was the second best-selling zelda game of all time ? well , now it ’s number one ! mostly . assuming updated versions and remasters do n’t count . which they honestly should n’t . these things happen so fast , do n’t they ? between the two versions of the game ( nintendo switch and wii u ) , the legend of zelda : breath of the wild has sold around 9.98 million units . this puts it well ahead of twillight princess ( 8.85 million ) and ocarina of time ( 7.6 million ) . both of those games have had at least a decade to rack up sales , while breath of the wild has been out for just over a year . however , if you want to get all technical and precise , both of those games have also had updated versions release on newer systems . when you combine sales figures like that , breath of the wild is still around number three in terms of sales . although it ’s pretty telling that you need to do that at all in order to keep breath of the wild from taking number one in the rankings . it will be of particular interest to see where this game ’s final sales figures end up , once the appropriate amount of time has passed . source
does this story work to you amazingly ? worse still , when you read the end ... when i decided to marry a gypsy , my whole family was against it . they thought it could be very bad for me and that i would regret much . after i married her , i looked at it as if love won . with her beauty she just made me feel that i had the feeling that whatever she asked me would be my duty to fulfill it.the first two years have passed into a beautiful relationship and love . i wanted to have a child with her , but she constantly refrained from this topic and was against it . that made me suspicious and i hired a detective to watch her while i was at work and tell me her movements.the first reporters of the detective were visiting her until i came to see a brother who did not cause me any doubt . as a month her only brother came to her , and she did not report it to me , i asked the detective to check what her brother is doing right in our house.after more detailed monitoring of her brother , the detective told me shocking news ... he told me she was cheating on me with her brother . at first i could not believe it , but i later decided to check it myself . i decided to put hidden cameras in our bedroom to monitor the situation . when i was convinced myself , the shock was unthinkable.after that , i threw it out of the house forever and i was kissing that i did not listen to my family when they told me that i did not need to marry her ...
do you know how much money you ’ll need to live comfortably during retirement ? a recent article in usa today states that 8 in 10 americans have no idea how much they should be saving for when they leave the workforce . [ reits ] eric kearney , an investment advisor for retirement wealth , says retiring on time requires that people start planning far in advance . here are 5 tips people can take to make sure they ’re ready for their golden years . plan your lifestyle . before you begin the process of financially planning for retirement , you may want to think about what you want to actually do during retirement . will you stop working entirely , or collect a paycheck part-time ? leaving the workforce behind for good can be problematic in the event that you run out of income . if you outlive your cash in the end stages of life the consequences can be stressful . this is especially true if you ’re physically unable to re-enter the workforce . adjust your lifestyle now . changing your lifestyle helps you in two ways . first , you ’ll save and invest more money now , so that you can live more comfortably in the future . two , you ’ll be more used to living on a scaled back income when you do quit work . open a retirement fund . the time to start saving is a decade or two before retiring . too many people wait until it ’s too late . investing early will help you build a larger nest egg . that means you can contribute less overall and gain more . avoid debt . this is a good tip at any age , but when you are thinking about retiring it is even more important . when you do take on debt , make sure to try and pay it off as fast as possible . think about maintaining a well-funded savings account to help you pay off any unexpected expenses that do come up . envision your future . it can be challenging to stay financially on track . however , if you want to have a dream retirement , you need to start saving now . envisioning what those years will look like can help you avoid the temptation to spend . about eric kearney : eric kearney ( www.erickearneyadvisor.com ) of retirement wealth , with florida offices in cape coral , punta gorda and bonita springs , has been helping clients reach and maintain their financial goals for more than 16 years . eric co-authored a book with forbes media chairman/editor-in-chief steve forbes , successonomics . his professional licenses include a series 65 , series 7 securities license and a life and health insurance license . he teaches pre - and post-retirees a wealth management course titled “ rejuvenate your retirement ” at florida southwestern state college and florida gulf coast university .
kevin can wait “ brew haha ” – kevin offers to help kendra and chale buy enzo ’s , but they soon realize that the partnership wo n’t work when kevin ’s idea of a silent partner is not so silent . as the tension among them escalates , kendra and chale find peace at vanessa ’s apartment , on kevin can wait , monday , april 30 ( 8:00-8:30 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . kevin can wait season 2 episode 23 photos brew haha . kevin can wait stars kevin james as a retired police officer who is setting out on a fresh career path as he rises to the challenge of being a newly single dad . his kids , sara , jack and kendra , are grateful to him for making sure they ’re ok but decide it ’s time for him to get out of the house , so they turn to vanessa , his former police partner , for help.vanessa has left the force to launch her own private security firm , and she makes kevin an offer he ca n’t refuse – to be her new business partner . although the job is n’t always glamorous and they rarely see eye to eye , kevin and vanessa share an undeniable bond from their years working together . also , kendra and her fiancé , chale , face issues of their own , including becoming newlyweds and figuring out how they will support themselves . once again , life has thrown kevin some curveballs , so his dreams of an early retirement will just have to wait a little longer , and his family will always come first . instagram : @kevincanwaitcbs regular cast : kevin james ( kevin gable ) leah remini ( vanessa cellucci ) taylor spreitler ( kendra gable ) mary-charles jones ( sara gable ) james digiacomo ( jack gable ) ryan cartwright ( chale ) gary valentine ( kyle ) leonard earl howze ( goody ) recurring cast : chris roach ( mott ) joe starr ( enzo ) bas rutten ( rootger ) guest cast : burt young ( marv ) written by : dan staley and tom anderson directed by : andy fickman kevin can wait season 2 episode 23 photos brew haha “ brew haha ” — kevin offers to help kendra and chale buy enzo ’s , but they soon realize that the partnership wo n’t work when kevin ’s idea of a silent partner is not so silent . as the tension among them escalates , kendra and chale find peace at vanessa ’s apartment , on kevin can wait , monday , april 30 ( 8:00-8:30 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . pictured : ryan cartwright , taylor spreitler , kevin james . photo : david m. russell/cbs ã  â © 2018 cbs broadcasting , inc. all rights reserved
when we talk about proper nutrition , the first thing that comes to mind is chicken breast , fat-free cottage cheese , products with the addition of " fitness " . often at the first stages of losing weight people make a lot of mistakes and , not noticing noticeable improvements , they throw the idea of eating healthy food . let 's figure out what categorically can not be done when switching to the right food.bad habits in the dietthere is a lot of sugar in the fruit , so i will refuse themsugar , which is in the fruit , is different from what is contained in processed foods . fruits are rich in fiber and vitamins , which are necessary for a balanced diet . the main thing is to find the golden mean - do not eat fruits in unlimited quantities , but do not completely exclude them.forever i will refuse harmful foodparadox , but as soon as you forbid something to yourself , the body 's need for this increases at times . if you too sharply throw something you love from the diet , then you will have a hard time . it is better to control portions and remove all harmful gradually.i will not eat carbohydrates , because without them i 'll lose weightyou can not do this ! correct not from carbohydrates , but from their overabundance . the food should be balanced , only then it can be considered healthy . it is necessary to reduce the amount of simple carbohydrates ( it 's all sweet ) and give the advantage to the complex ( porridge / fruit / vegetables ) . i 'll lose weight if i give up fatthe ratio of proteins , fats and carbohydrates in your menu should be correct . if something is missing , it only slows down the process of losing weight . in addition , fats affect the health of hair , skin and nails . but not all fats are useful ! trans fats contained in margarine or oil , which are used to make french fries , only harm your body shape and body.i 'll go without dinner to remove the extra centimetersmyth : if you do not eat , the feeling of hunger will increase . over time , the metabolism slows down , therefore , and the process of losing weight will be less effective . the last meal should be 2 hours before bedtime.i 'll eat only boiled breast and buckwheat , so nothing superfluousmany women are attacking this rake . to not break , you need to eat a variety . no product contains the optimal amount of all the nutrients needed for health . therefore , to get everything you need in sufficient volume , people eat a variety of food.to not always sit on diets , get rid of bad habits and get healthy . then it will improve not only the figure , but also the general state of health .
in the midst of a successful stretch of games by the new york yankees , jordan montgomery has taken to twitter to express his excitement.the new york yankees are on what we in the biz like to call a little bit of a hot streak . winners of their last eight games , it finally seems like the offense is starting to click and the players are actually having fun . even players that are n’t known for being outspoken on social media ca n’t help but express their excitement.can you say electric factory ? two exclamation points and a hashtag ! jordan montgomery is hyped up right now . never would have expected him to show this kind of fire on social media . if you think i ’m over exaggerating please refer to a collection of his other recent tweets : this was gumby on opening day . his first opening day as a major leaguer . note the fact that he only used one exclamation point.this one came on his birthday . the excitement is palpable . you can really tell that gumby was enjoying his birthday.this one came in october in the heat of playoff baseball . again , the electricity is just flowing out of monty ’s twitter fingers.obviously , montgomery is just a constant flow of high energy but thanks to an eight-game winning streak , a couple of nail-biting wins , and some really hot bats from guys like didi gregorius , aaron judge , and miguel andujar , gumby ’s excitement is on another level right now.montgomery also has plenty to be excited about in his own regard , as he has looked strong to start the season . he ’s looking to build upon a great rookie season and be a major contributor to a deep playoff run , and he ’s on track to do so.if he keeps this up we may not even remember that didi also tweets by the end of the year . new york yankees manager aaron boone has seen enough to name left-hander jordan montgomery the team 's fifth starter . … ahead of game two of three with the milwaukee brewers , the new york yankees added a pair of … often overshadowed by a lack of run support , new york yankees rookie jordan montgomery is quietly having a …
nabla 's soul blooming eye shadow palette is coming to fulfill all your rose gold dreams . seriously , i have n't seen a more stunning palette in many a moon , and i just want to rub it all over my face and shine bright like the crazy diamond i am.the palette consists of 12 universally flattering shades in a variety of delicious rose gold subtleties , plus more unconventional choices like lavender , amethyst , and a sparkly indigo . ugh , i 'm dying over here ! gim me ! even better ? it 's totally cruelty-free and vegan . so it 's good for you and the world and that 's even more to buy one for yourself and then one for me , ok?the palette drops on may 3 . do n't mind me , i 'll just be sitting here hitting refresh until then !
t-mobile and sprint have finally agreed to a $ 26.5 billion deal that will make t-mobile the third-largest carrier in the united states , the companies announced sunday . t-mobile ceo john legere will be ceo of the new company , which will continue under the t-mobile name . the agreement comes after two previous failed attempts to merge the two carriers . the most recent was in november of last year , when talks between the two companies fell apart amid reported disagreements over sprint 's valuation and softbank 's reluctance to cede control of sprint . so what changed in the last five months ? well , t-mobile parent company deutsche telekom and sprint parent softbank reached an agreement that valued sprint at $ 26.5 billion for one . sprint chairman and softbank ceo masayoshi son will also serve on the board of the new t-mobile , bloomberg reported . but , a more important driver may have actually been something else entirely : 5g . as verizon and at &amp; t move closer and closer to rolling out their 5g networks , sprint and t-mobile are under increasing pressure to deliver their own 5g service . the two companies say they have a much better shot at taking on verizon and at &amp; t together than they do alone . " the new @tmobile will be the only company able to bring a broad &amp; deep nationwide 5g network – something no us wireless company could achieve alone in the critical early years of 5g . , " legere wrote on twitter . though both companies have signed onto the deal , the merger is likely to still face at least some regulatory scrutiny from washington . but if legere has any concerns about regulatory approval , it was n't apparent in his tweets following the announcement . " with @sprint ’s incredible 2.5 ghz spectrum , @tmobile ’s nationwide 600 mhz + our other combined assets … together , we will build the highest-capacity mobile network in us history !! i ’m talking 30x more capacity than t-mobile today !! " legere was n't always full of praise for sprint , though . after the first attempted merger broke down in 2014 , the notoriously outspoken ceo took to twitter with some sick burns aimed at sprint and its ceo , marcelo claure .
bioware says they ’re polishing anthem ’s e3 gameplay with just over a month until the biggest gaming conference of the year , many companies have begun sharing their big plans for e3 , as developers are hard at work getting their games ready for their big reveals . according to technical design director brenon holmes , bioware is doing the very same thing with anthem . brenon holmes has been actively interacting with fans on reddit throughout the past year , responding to questions about anthem . recently he answered a fan who asked what bioware was currently doing with the game . brenon took the opportunity to assure fans that with e3 just a mere weeks away , bioware is focused on perfecting what they will be showing off . he stated , “ everyone is currently working pretty hard . we ’re doing a lot of iterating and polish on the content that will be the focus for ea play / e3 . ” in this same reddit thread , another user asked , “ how much does creating something to be shown and played at e3 distract from the actual development and production of the game itself ? i know e3 is a hugely important showcase for most games and publishers , but i often wonder what effect , if any , it has on the actual game . ” holmes replied saying that it ’s just a bit of a change in focus , from big picture to getting the details right for the showcase . “ it ’s more a question of focus . the things we ’re showing have to get done at some point , but if we were n’t showing it at e3 we ’d likely be doing it in a slightly different order . ” it will be interesting to see what bioware puts forward at e3 2018 , as the future of the game has seemed a bit up in the air following the departure of the writer drew karpyshyn . anthem is set to launch sometime next year for xbox one , ps4 , and pc . are you excited for anthem ’s e3 gameplay ? let us know your thoughts in the comments below and keep it locked for updates!source
one of the founders of the popular messenger pavel durov called the network users and indifferent russian residents to a rally for internet freedom , against roskomnadzor and against the blocking of telegram.the russian businessman left a new message on his page in the social network " vkontakte " . pavel durov said that on april 30 at 14:00 in moscow and kaliningrad there will be an agreed rally for the freedom of the internet , and on may 1 a march on the same occasion will be held in st. petersburg . according to the founder of the messenger , the future of the russian internet is in the hands of the rest of russia.pavel durov also said that for the past 2 weeks he and his team had been fighting incessantly with censorship on the internet . he also noted that they did this only for the sake of russian users . according to pavel , if inactive , then russia will be introduced full-scale censorship , and because of this for the users of the network will be lost telegram , as well as other popular services . to prevent this , every indifferent should take an active part in the rallies , which , perhaps , will change the course of history .
the crossing “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network , streaming and on demand . the crossing season 1 episode 5 photos ten years gone . “ the crossing ” stars steve zahn as jude ellis , natalie martinez as reece , sandrine holt as emma ren , georgina haig as dr. sophie forbin , tommy bastow as marshall , rob campbell as paul , rick gomez as nestor rosario , marcuis w. harris as caleb , grant harvey as roy aronson , jay karnes as craig lindauer , simone kessell as rebecca , kelley missal as hannah , luc roderique as bryce foster and bailey skodje as leah . “ ten years gone ” was written by rebecca sonnenshine and directed by jeffrey hunt . dan dworkin and jay beattie are the creators and executive producers . matt olmstead , jason t. reed and david von ancken also serve as executive producers . the series is produced by abc studios . “ the crossing ” is broadcast in 720 progressive ( 720p ) , abc ’s selected hdtv format , with 5.1-channel surround sound . this program carries a tv-pg , lv parental guideline . the crossing season 1 episode 5 photos ten years gone the crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) toby hemingway , bill marchant , tommy bastowthe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) bill marchant , tommy bastowthe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) toby hemingwaythe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) bill marchantthe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) tommy bastowthe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) jay karnesthe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) steve zahn , andy nesdolythe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) andy nesdoly , steve zahnthe crossing – “ ten years gone ” – flashbacks reveal a haunting connection between marshall and the early migration . meanwhile , jude investigates a mysterious disappearance , and sophie risks her life and career to help reece save her daughter , on “ the crossing , ” airing monday , april 30 ( 10:01-11:00 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/eike schroter ) toby hemingway , tommy bastow
roskomnadzor office found blame for the current problems of users with access to a variety of sites on the territory of the country . according to roskomnadzor , in such problems , foreign service providers are to blame , which provide their services.roskomnadzor representatives voiced the reasons for numerous failures in the work of many sites . according to this information , many foreign companies are to blame for all such problems , which continue to provide hosting services to the telegram messenger . similarly , these companies deliberately interfere with the work of the agency , and interfere with the execution of the court 's judgment in relation to telegram.also , representatives of the agency noted that the decision of the tagansky district court of moscow extends not only to the actions of roskomnadzor , but also to the activities of many other companies . therefore , providers , hosting companies and telecom operators are also obliged to obey this decision , and do not oppose it . in total , since april 16 , more than 17 million different ip-addresses have been entered into the register of banned addresses , which resulted in failures in the work of popular internet services for russians .
the company lionsgate introduced the first official poster of the expected action movie " john wick 3 " with keanu reeves . also the authors of the film revealed the synopsis of the plot of the future tape.in honor of the ongoing cinemacon event , the lionsgate film company not only showed the first poster of the film with the official title , but also revealed the plot of his story . in the action movie " john week 3 " the life of one of the best killers will be in jeopardy , because wick has violated the rules of the hotel " continental " , and now he has an order with a reward of 14 million dollars . however , due to the fact that wiku was given only one hour of safe time for his past services , he must figure out how to get out of new york and fight all his former colleagues and new enemies.the picture " john wick 3 " should be the final in the trilogy about the famous and beloved viewers character . the film was directed by chad stahelski , and roles in the film will be ian mcshane , ruby rose , laurence fishburne and john leguizamo .
famous hollywood actor john travolta surprised fans with his new way . for the last role travolta has seriously changed the appearance and a hairdress.the famous actor john travolta changed his appearance beyond recognition for the sake of his role in the film " moose " . in the network was published a snapshot of the actor in a new guise , which shows that travolta left himself a short bang , changed his hair , put on his glasses , and gained a little extra weight . it is worth noting that the director of the thriller " los " is musician fred durst , the founder of the famous limp bizkit group.the users of the network were amazed at travolta 's new appearance , and began excitedly to wait for new frames and trailer for the future picture " los " . many appreciated the courage of the actor , who was not afraid of such changes , and obeyed the director 's vision . others remembered that travolta had not dramatically changed for the role for the first time , recalling the pictures " from paris with love " , " the battlefield - earth " , and even " pulp fiction " . the plot of the film " moose " tells about the obsessive fan who pursues his beloved actor , and his insanity reaches such a degree that he decides to completely destroy the life of his idol . it is interesting that the plot of the picture is based in part on the history of the derva himself , who knows first hand about the obsessed fanatics . according to gamebomb.ru , the premiere of the picture " los " in the us will be held in 2018 .
in the network appeared images of a completely shaved chewbacca from the " star wars " , which horrified users . it turned out that many never thought how the representatives of the wookiee could look without their fur.the user shoved the photos of the shaved chewbacca under the nickname gauntam trivedi . he published on the pages of his account a model of chubakia from two angles , which completely lacked any wool . as a result , before the users appeared a creepy humanoid creature with a very elongated face , which they now " can not develop . " the users were shocked by this unusual image of their favorite hero , and many began to complain that the author destroyed their life . others began to argue about why the skin of chebakki 's skin is white , and not dark . still others did quite a good laugh at the shaved character , and even compared him to homer simpson . some even noticed that the author of the images made a mistake , and replaced the dog 's nose of chewbacca with a human.in total , the publication with a shaved chewbacca scored more than 6 thousand likes and 2 thousand retweets , and more than 300 people shared comments . it is worth noting that the creator of this character george lucas noted that he was inspired by his own dog when working on the external appearance of chewbacca.very soon viewers will be able to see unshaven chewbacca on the big screen in a new film from the company disney entitled " han solo : star wars . stories " . the picture will be received in the russian rolling since may 24 , 2018 , and will tell about the youth of the famous smuggler khan solo .
how necessary to russian citizens is the telegram messenger , with which the russian department of roskomnadzor is fighting.according to information published on the website of the research organization vtsiom ( all-russian center for the study of public opinion ) , 64 percent of russians do not care what will happen to telegram and whether roskomnadzor will be able to block it completely . it is worth noting that 43 % " is completely unimportant " , what will become of the application . the messenger of pavel durov is one of the most unpopular in russia . with his help , only 12 % of network users exchange messages , while 78 % of the population go to the internet . it is also indicated that one of the main reasons for choosing this application is that it already has one of friends or acquaintances.from the poll of the all-russia public opinion research center it was also learned that 65 % of network users heard about the blocking of the telegram messenger on the territory of russia , but only 21 % understood this in more details . it is also worth noting that only 24 % of users consider communication to be actual via messenger , however , among young people aged 18-24 this figure is significantly increased and reaches 45 % .
teslas can do some pretty amazing things . from self-parking abilities to its semiautonomous autopilot mode , the cars can definitely feel like the future . and yet , that does n't mean you can just kick back in the passenger seat while autopilot is engaged . a british tesla owner has found himself in hot water for doing just that , though . bhavesh patel , has been banned from driving for 18 months after a court found him guilty of dangerous driving for sitting in the passenger seat while his tesla drove through traffic , according to the new york times . patel was also ordered to pay an £ 1,800 fine and complete 100 hours of community service for the stunt , which was captured on video by another driver . it should really go without saying , but what patel did was incredibly dangerous . just because tesla 's autopilot feature may seem foolproof , does n't mean it is . " every driver is responsible for remaining alert and active when using autopilot , and must be prepared to take action at any time , " tesla says . in the united states , there have been at least two fatal crashed associated with the feature , including one in 2016 caused by the " driver ’s inattention due to overreliance on vehicle automation , " according to the national transportation safety board . more recently , a fatal crash in california last month happened while autopilot was engaged . the driver 's hands were not on the steering wheel in the seconds leading up to the crash according to tesla .
ingredients : 1 package white cake mix ( regular size ) 3 eggs 3 tablespoons each lemon , strawberry and orange gelatin powder 2 cans ( 16 ounces each ) lemon frostingdirections : preheat oven to 350 ° . line bottoms of three greased 9-in . round baking pans with parchment paper ; grease paper . prepare cake mix batter according to package directions , substituting three whole eggs for egg whites . divide evenly among three bowls . stir one flavor of gelatin into each bowl until blended . pour each into a prepared pan . bake 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean . cool in pans 10 minutes before removing to wire racks ; remove paper . cool completely . spread frosting between layers and over top and sides of cake . freeze option : wrap cooled cake layers in plastic wrap , then cover securely in foil ; freeze . to use , thaw cakes before unwrapping . assemble as directed.note : this recipe was tested with a betty crocker white cake mix ( regular size ) . makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 20 min . + cooling
ingredients : 2 cups applesauce 1-1/2 cups sugar 1/2 cup shortening 2 large eggs , lightly beaten 2 cups all-purpose flour 1 tablespoon baking cocoa 1-1/2 teaspoons baking soda 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon each ground cinnamon , nutmeg , allspice and cloves 1 cup raisins 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips 1/2 cup chopped walnuts topping : 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips 1/2 cup chopped walnuts 2 tablespoons brown sugardirections : in a large bowl , beat the applesauce , sugar , shortening and eggs . combine the flour , cocoa , baking soda , salt , cinnamon , nutmeg , allspice and cloves ; gradually beat into applesauce mixture until blended . stir in the raisins , chocolate chips and walnuts . pour into a greased 13x9-in . baking pan . combine topping ingredients and sprinkle over batter . bake at 350 ° for 35-40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool on a wire rack.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 227 calories , 10g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 18 mg cholesterol , 185 mg sodium , 34g carbohydrate ( 23g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 3g protein.makes : 20-24 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 35 min .
ingredients : 1 package ( 16 ounces ) angel food cake mix 6 ounces cream cheese , softened 1 can ( 14 ounces ) sweetened condensed milk 1/3 cup lemon juice 1/4 teaspoon almond extract , optional 6 drops red food coloring , optional 1 cup sliced fresh strawberries 1 carton ( 12 ounces ) frozen whipped topping , thawed , divideddirections : prepare and bake cake according to package directions , using a 10-in . ungreased tube pan . cool completely , about 1 hour . run a knife around side and center tube of pan . remove cake to a serving plate . cut a 1-in . slice off the top of the cake ; set aside . to make a tunnel , carefully hollow out bottom , leaving a 1-in . shell . tear removed cake into 1-in . cubes . in a large bowl , beat cream cheese until fluffy . beat in milk and lemon juice until smooth . stir in extract and food coloring if desired . stir in cake cubes and strawberries . fold in 1 cup whipped topping . fill tunnel with strawberry mixture ; replace cake top . spread remaining whipped topping over top and sides of cake . refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 267 calories , 8g fat ( 6g saturated fat ) , 14 mg cholesterol , 256 mg sodium , 44g carbohydrate ( 36g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 5g protein.makes : 12-16 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 45 min . + chilling
ingredients : 1 package chocolate cake mix ( regular size ) 1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1/3 cup sugar 1 egg 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips 36 ice-cream cake cones ( about 3 inches tall ) frosting : 1/2 cup shortening 3-3/4 cups confectioners ' sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 4 to 5 tablespoons milk sprinklesdirections : prepare cake mix according to package directions ; set aside . in a large bowl , beat the cream cheese , sugar , egg and vanilla until smooth ; stir in chocolate chips . place ice-cream cones in muffin cups . spoon about 1 tablespoon of cake batter into each cone ; top with a rounded teaspoon of cream cheese mixture . fill with remaining batter to within 3/4 in . of top . bake at 350 ° for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean . in a small bowl , beat the shortening , confectioners ' sugar and vanilla until smooth . add enough milk to achieve spreading consistency . frost tops of cooled cones and top with sprinkles.note : these cupcakes are best served the day they are made.makes : 36 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 25 min .
in “ in 4/4 , with emotion ” premiering sunday , may 6 , ( 9 p.m. et/pt ) , an old , original song hand-written on sheet music is discovered hidden inside a piano bench at grey house , and it ’s not just cassie ( catherine bell ) and sam ( james denton ) who immediately take to the memorable tune , which mysteriously seems to appear and follow them around town . at the bistro , the news of cassie and sam ’s engagement begins to spread . after seeing cassie ’s striking gimmel ring , stephanie ( kylee evans ) feels down about her own recent breakup , prompting a meddlesome abigail ( sarah power ) to stir the pot with a scheme to get stephanie noticed , only to see her plan quickly unravel . meanwhile , cassie sees the cracks in nick ( rhys matthew bond ) and grace ’s ( bailee madison ) feigned truce and conjures up a plan to help them work as a team . nick gets the unexpected opportunity to right a wrong , which helps put the past behind them . sam begins to offer a variety of ideas for their upcoming wedding but the usually unflappable cassie is uneasy about saying what she wants . after being reminded that a good marriage takes great communication , she and sam agree to make plans together . back at grey house , when abigail answers a late-night knock on the door she finds an unexpected and startling visitor on the other side . good witch season 4 episode 2 photos in 4/4 with emotion . “ good witch ” is a whizbang films production in association with itv studios , inc. executive producers are dean batali , orly adelson , jonathan eskenas , frank siracusa , craig pryce and andrea raffaghello . catherine bell is co-executive producer and janina barrett serves as supervising producer . frank sriacusa produces . andy mikita directed from a script by skander halim . good witch season 4 episode 2 photos in 4/4 with emotion an unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : catherine bell credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahoodan unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : james denton , catherine bell credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahoodan unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : sarah power credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahoodan unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : alanna bale , catherine bell credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahoodan unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : bailee madison credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahoodan unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : james denton , catherine bell , peter macneill credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahoodan unpublished song written by a past guest at grey house magically spreads throughout town , heightening the emotions of those who hear it . affecting each in a different way , cassie and sam learn to communicate about their future together . photo : james denton credit : copyright 2018 crown media united states llc/photographer : shane mahood
ingredients : 1 package yellow cake mix ( regular size ) 1/2 teaspoon mint extract , divided 1-1/2 cups cold whole milk 1 package ( 3.9 ounces ) instant chocolate pudding mix 1 carton ( 8 ounces ) frozen whipped topping , thawed 4 to 5 drops green food coloringdirections : prepare cake mix according to package directions . add 1/4 teaspoon mint extract to batter ; beat well . pour into a greased 13x9-in . baking pan . bake at 350 ° for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool completely on a wire rack . in a large bowl , whisk milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes . let stand for 2 minutes or until soft-set . using the end of a wooden spoon handle , poke 24 holes in cake . spread pudding evenly over cake . combine the whipped topping , food coloring and remaining extract ; spread over pudding . cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 0g sugar total . diabetic exchanges : 1-1/2 fruit , 1 starch , 1 fat.makes : 15 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 25 min . + chilling
the latest results from the weekly surveys on twitter showed equity investors are still torn between a bullish outlook on the fundamentals vs less than convincing technicals . on the bond side , investors had a change in heart on the week as 10-year yields failed to convincingly break through the 3 % mark . part of that failed move may be down to over-crowding on the short side , but as i outline below , investors may be under-appreciating the amount of quantitative tightening that has been done so far , and that which is in the pipeline … and of course the market impact of the coming full circle of the great monetary policy experiment . the key takeaways from the stock + bond sentiment snapshot are : - equity investors remain torn ; bullish on fundamentals , bearish on technicals . - bond investors had a change in heart on the week as the breakout through 3 % seemed to fail . - traders remain heavily short treasuries , but as the charts show , the fed has been steadily reducing its holdings . - quantitative tightening may be still be underappreciated by the market in terms of scale and impact . 1 . fundamentals vs technicals sentiment : the latest weekly survey results showed fundamentals net-bullish sentiment off slightly , but still at pretty optimistic levels . technicals sentiment on the other hand went further bearish on the week . as a reminder , the survey asks respondents to indicate whether they are bullish vs bearish for technical vs fundamental reasoning . so it remains a picture of investors basically saying the fundamentals ( e.g. economy and earnings ) still look good , but the technicals ( i.e. price action ) is less than convincing . 2 . equity vs bond fundamentals : looking at the fundamentals sentiment picture for bonds vs equities , there remains a gap , with bond investors reassessing the extent of their bearishness on fundamentals steadily through this year … against stubbornly steadfast optimism on the fundamentals by equity investors.something is going to have to give on this chart – the gap will either close by bond investors getting more bearish on the fundamentals , or equity investors capitulating on their optimism . one of those is “ reflation ” the other is “ deflation ” . 3 . bond sentiment vs the us 10-year bond yield : in terms of overall sentiment for bonds , the chart below shows the net bulls ( overall bullish minus overall bearish sentiment ) , and there was a distinct change in heart this week – presumably survey respondents are taking the so-far failed breakout through 3 % as a sign that bond yields may be capped short-term … 4 . quantitative tightening vs government bond yields : one reason to be skeptical of a further surge in bond yields is the stretched speculative futures positioning . while this is not necessarily a barrier to higher yields ( indeed by the chart below traders have been on the right side of the move in bonds ) with positioning looking fairly crowded to the short side there is a risk of a pullback . having said that , when a market is undergoing a major trend change positioning and sentiment can become stretched and stay stretched . 5 . quantitative tightening vs government bond yields : and if you want a reason to expect higher bond yields , you need only look at the fed . in april the fed stepped up the cap for quantitative tightening to $ 18 billlion per month for treasuries and $ 12 billion per month for asset backed securities – in line with its pre-announced plan to steadily accelerate quantitative tightening . the next scheduled step up will be in july where the pace of qt will be lifted to $ 24 billion for treasuries and $ 16 billion for abs , or a total of $ 40 billion per month ( for context , qe3 saw monthly purchases of $ 85 billion ) . while the improvement in the growth/inflation outlook has been a key driver for higher bond yields , looking at the chart below you ca n’t help but think that quantitative tightening is at least a contributing factor , if not a major factor in the trend of rising bond yields . and unless we hit another recession , qt is only going to accelerate . 6 . quantitative tightening vs the s &amp; p500 : and if you think quantitative tightening is only going to cause issues for the bond market , then you may want to check out the chart below . of course there are many other factors at play , but if you thought that quantitative easing was bullish on the way up , logic dictates that all else equal quantitative tightening will be bearish on the way down . did you know we offer institutional research ? why not take a free trial for an extra level of insight and service …
verelife.comanything god asks us to do is for our own good and shows his love for us.but we do not obey him just because his commands benefit us . we obey him because we love him . our love for god moves us to avoid blood transfusions . psalms 19 : 9-11 . the fear of the lord is pure , enduring forever . the ordinances of the lord are sure and altogether righteous.they are more precious than gold , than much pure gold ; they are sweeter than honey , than honey from the comb . by them is your servant warned ; in keeping them there is great reward.this also protects our health . most people today know about some of the risks of blood transfusions , and many doctors believe that operating without blood is better for their patients ’ health . it is clear that god ’s ways are wise and loving . isaiah 55 : 9 . " as the heavens are higher than the earth , so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.john 14 : 21,23 . whoever has my commands and obeys them , he is the one who loves me . he who loves me will be loved by my father , and i too will love him and show myself to him . " jesus replied , " if anyone loves me , he will obey my teaching . my father will love him , and we will come to him and make our home with him.verelife.com
here 's the full caption : i wrote this last night :) my love - it ’s the eve of your birthday , you ’re sleeping , our daughters are next to you in our bed , and i could n’t think of a better time to write you a short note . i say it every year , but i ’ll never get used to how quickly time flies . we can turn tiny moments into landmark events or we can accept that landmark events are simply fleeting moments . either way , i ’m slowly realizing there ’s no real way to keep tabs on life .... sadly , the specific memories fade but somehow we ’re able to hold on to the feelings those memories create . and those feelings shape who we are and who we ’ll become . if i could thank you for one thing on your birthday , i ’d thank you for giving me all the feelings . today marks the first day of your next year of life and i promise to continue to cherish our tiny moments and our landmark events ... cheers to you and another 365 days of having all the feels ! happy birthday my babe !! - melike ... oxygena bunch of celebs , like chrissy teigen , gabrielle union , and samantha ronson , were amazed.instagram.comthis included celebrity stylist jen atkin , stylist jamie mizrahi , and actress soleil moon frye.in conclusion , here 's part of the message in a nice font , which i need tattooed on my body like yesterday .
taro root is a starchy root vegetable , native of south india and southeast asia , and has been a staple in these regions as far back as 5000 bc . at present , this vegetable is grown in many areas of the world including asia , west africa , south america , central america , the caribbean and the polynesian islands.taro root can be used as an alternative to a potato , although it has somewhat nutty flavor when cooked . it has a dark , hairy surface , similar to coconut , and a moist while root inside.taro root can be boiled , steamed , fried , roasted , or baked . they can be used in soups and stews or as an accompaniment to meat dishes . the taro root is a low-calorie vegetable packed with nutritional benefits . below are some reasons why you should include this in your diet plan.low-cal veggietaro root may contain more calories than spinach or broccoli , but it ’s still a low-calorie vegetable altogether . taro root will give you 60 calories for every half-cup serving . most of these calories come from carbohydrates.healthy carb choiceas a starchy vegetable , taro root contains more carbohydrates than most vegetables . however , its carbohydrate content comes from starches and fiber , making you to fell full for a longer period . one half-cup serving of raw taro root provides 14g of carbohydrates , 2g of which comes from fiber or 8 % of the recommended dietary allowance for fiber.low fat and low proteinif you ’re a vegetarian , taro root wo n’t be very useful to you as a protein source . for every half-cup serving , taro root can only supply you with 1g of protein . this goes the same for fat because this vegetable is practically fat-free . low sodiumtaro root contains nearly negligible amounts of sodium - just 5 mg for every half-cup serving . this is a long way from the rda of 2.300 mg for healthy adults . nevertheless , this is ideal for weight watchers as sodium induces water retention , and therefore , weight gain.rich in vitamins and mineralstaro root is rich in potassium , containing as much as 310 mg , or 9 % of the recommended dietary allowance for every half-cup serving . potassium is an important mineral needed for proper function of all cells , tissues and organs in the body . it is also rich in manganese , a mineral that is needed by various enzymes working throughout the body , and vitamin b6 , which is involved in the breakdown of protein , fat and carbs for energy .
syrian military and pro-iranian formations attacked the positions of the us-backed arab-kurdish " syrian democratic forces " ( sdf ) on the eastern bank of the euphrates river in deir ez-zor . they drove out pro-american militants from the villages of huweijat al-maiishiya , shamra al-hisan , al-jia and jainen , located north-east of the city of deir ez zor.the syrian state news agency sana confirmed the transfer of these settlements to the control of pro-government forces . " sana " specifies that these villages were occupied by the fighters of the " syrian democratic forces " , supported by the us coalition.according to preliminary data , the sds leaders requested support from the air from the coalition , then they transferred reserves from the oil field " koneco " , counter-attacked and repulsed one of the lost settlements.it is reported that both sides have suffered losses and are now tightening reserves to the site of the fighting . many civilians , for fear of large-scale clashes , left their homes during the day.at night , the fighting continued , the iranian-syrian forces used artillery and mlrs , attacking the pro-american kurdish-arab coalition .
the young onion considered by the alternative medicine is a very useful and healthy food that acts on the body from inside and outside.it have lot of health benefits and besides that it helps at flues and blood pressure , the young onion has anti-inflammatory properties and acts against stress and fatigue . but , despite is an appreciated in the food , the young onion is very effective in other ways also . sore throatcut the onion into pieces , you can add grinded ginger and put all of that in a canvas bag or a towel and heat it up . the warm towel , wrap it in another towel and put it on the inflammatory area ( throat , breasts , hands or back ) . swollen legsboil the young onion for a couple of minutes . grind it with a blender ( add water if necessary ) , until the mixture turns into pasta . place the mixture on the swollen areas of the leg . this recipe is used more than a hundred years and is very efficient . stuffy nosesmash the onion and with its juice pour watts . place the poured cotton on the nose and the area where the sinuses are .
tiramisu1/3 cup general foods international instant coffee , kahlua flavor2 tbsp . hot water1 3oz pkg lady fingers2 1/2 cups cold skim milk1 8oz container fat free cream cheese1 8oz pkg jell-o fat free/sugar free vanilla pudding mix1 cup cool whip lite , thawed ( or you can use cool whip free ) in a small bowl , dissolve 1 tbsp . of the instant coffee in the hot water . cover the bottomand sides of a shallow 2-quart dessert dish with the lady fingers . sprinkle the lady fingerswith the dissolved coffee . put 2/3 cup milk , cream cheese , and remaining undissolvedcoffee into a blender . blend on medium until smooth . ( i think you could also beat themtogether using a hand mixer . ) add the pudding mix and remaining mix . blend onmedium until smooth . pour the mixture over the lady fingers in the dessert dish . top withthe cool whip . refrigerate at least 3 hours or until set . if desired , sprinkle with cinnamon or cocoa powder before serving .8 servings , 2 points eachlady fingers are a kind of sponge cookie . look for them in the cookie section of your grocery .
rooftop house or building is usually dormant and uncomfortable to occupy . many people are reluctant to linger in the rooftop because it is hot and dirty . if taken care of properly , the free space at the top of the building or house can be an interesting place.for example created a swimming pool , garden , or a gathering room . some people start to create a rooftop . in some hotels , rooftop is well taken care of as a bar or cafe.well , already thought to change rooftop ? let 's take a look at 9 rooftop design is launched from archdaily.com .1 . children can play in rooftop .2 . rooftop design with all-glass material can help you enjoy the beautiful scenery .3 . do not have enough land to make a garden ? you can move the park to rooftop .4 . comfortable seating and lounge room at rooftop .5 . rooftop can be planted with trees too .6 . the room is gathered in rooftop , comfortable and exclusive .7 . it could be a place to sit back while sunbathing .8 . rooftop could be a swimming pool . comfortable and luxurious .9 . the pool at the rooftop is very cool.if there is a mistake in writing , please forgive
ingredients-4 servingsground beef-300 gchicken egg-1 piecelamb mincemeat-200 gmayonnaise-50 gramswhite bread-50 gramsbun with sesame seeds-4 piecesred onion-1 headgarlic-2 prongslemon-1 piecetomatoes-2 piecesginger-20 gramscilantro-50 gramschinese cabbage - ½ pcsfish sauce-2 tablespoonscayenne pepper-at the tip of the knifesalt-tastevegetable oil-50 mlblack pepper powder-tastehow to prepare 20 minutes1 . mix beef and ram 's stuffing with finely chopped onions , garlic , coriander , ginger and crumbs of bread crumb . add fish sauce , egg , salt , black ground pepper and mix again . 2 . to mold out from the received weight four flat cutlets and to fry them on vegetable oil to readiness . the time of frying depends on the thickness , the size of cutlets and many outside factors . make sure that the cutlet is ready , you can by punching it with a toothpick . the flowing juice should be transparent . 3 . buns with sesame cut in half and heated in the oven . mix mayonnaise with lemon juice and cayenne pepper and spread the bottom half of the roll.over the mayonnaise , lay the leaves of cabbage ( or lettuce ) , sliced tomatoes and cutlets . from above , put the other half of the roll , also greased with mayonnaise .
meet harper : she 's a single thirtysomething new yorker with awesome friends she loves and a dead-end job she hates . so when her controlling , condescending , germophobic nightmare of a boss sends her on a business trip to barcelona , harper jumps at the chance to shake up her routine . flanked by her two best pals , harper lets loose in the land of sangria , where a bit of surprising body graffiti leads to a flirty encounter with a famous dj . a netflix film , ibiza is a wild romantic-comedy adventure with female friendship as its beating heart . it stars gillian jacobs ( love , community ) , vanessa bayer ( snl ) , phoebe robinson ( 2 dope queens ) , and richard madden ( game of thrones ) , and is directed by alex richanbach ( we are young ) from a script by his fellow funny or die veteran lauryn kahn ( making her feature screenwriting debut ) . gary sanchez productions ' will ferrell , adam mckay , and kevin messick , along with nathan kahane and erin westerman of good universe , are producers . good universe 's kelli konop and kahn executive produce.visit netflix.com/ibiza to add it to your list .
bun - 2 pcs.onions - 2 pcs . ( one in the sauce minced meat ) garlic - 3 clovesbrown sugar - 1 tbsp.paprika - 3 tablespoons ( 2 sauces , 1 stuffing ) tomato paste - 3 tbsp.bacon - 100 gr.chicken minced meat - 200 gr.cheese - 2 slices + 30 gr.salad leaffirst , we prepare a barbecue sauce . it is prepared very quickly , but the taste is simply stunning . so , finely chop the onions and garlic . on olive oil fry onions with garlic for a minute or two . then add brown sugar - it will help caramelize the onion , that is , it will have a sweetish taste and a slightly crispy texture . a minute later , pour the paprika and add the tomato paste . if the sauce is too thick - add a little boiling water . here such smooth , fragrant sauce turns out . here is really the taste , like a real barbecue . now let 's start the cutlet - an integral part of the hamburger . earlier , i confess , i replaced it with sausage and ham , but all this is certainly not the case . a real good hamburger - only with a juicy fresh cutlet . here everything is simple . finely cut the bacon and onions , fry it well ( so that the bacon becomes crisp - this is important ) . add the paprika and mix . transfer the forcemeat into a cup , season with salt and pepper , then this will be impossible . make a groove and transfer the roasted mixture into it . add a little grated cheese ( i took mozzarella , but you can also gruer or cheddar ) . mix everything well and form cutlets . the height is about 2.5 cm , the diameter is slightly larger than the roll . in a dry frying pan fry the slices of rolls . it is not necessary to say that the quality of buns will directly affect the taste of the hamburger . look for the freshest and tastiest of you . after this , pour a little olive oil and fry the cutlets for 3 minutes on each side . when you turn the cutlet the first time - put the tops of cheese on the top ( 0.5 cm thick ) , let it start to melt slightly from the heat of cutlets . while cutlets come , cut slices of tomato and finely salad leaf . here you can use any greens and vegetables , but i recommend starting with a basic set . well , then everything is simple - we collect din . bun , greens , tomato , cutlet with cheese , from above generously sauce ! it turns out incredible taste . the cutlet is very juicy , while the crispy bacon fits well with tender chicken mincemeat . the barbecue sauce is so fragrant that it seems the hamburger was made on fire ! ) now many will say that fast food is bad , that american food causes obesity and so on .
t-mobile has agreed to acquire sprint for $ 26 billion and merge the two us-based carriers ’ businesses , in an effort to compete with the likes of at &amp; t and verizon – and roll out a nationwide 5g network in the next few years . the combined company , which will be known as t-mobile and be headed by current t-mobile ceo john legere , promises to build the highest capacity network in the us . when the two firms finally complete the merger – regulators are yet to sign off on the deal – the combined company will have 100 million customers . in addition to building out its 5g infrastructure , it promises to service rural america better than before , create more jobs than if the two companies operated separately , and invest $ 40 billion in its new business efforts over the next three years . for sprint , bloomberg notes that the acquisition was a godsend , as the carrier has been struggling to keep its customers , and burning cash as a result , for the past few years . as for t-mobile , the company has a difficult challenge ahead in taking on its bigger rivals . it ’ll be interesting to see if if it is indeed in a better position to bring 5g connectivity to the us ahead of the competition . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
have you ever heard of mac and cheese culinary ? or maybe you 've ever tasted foods that use cheese as one of the main ingredients of this?mac and cheese are foods made from two main ingredients , namely macaroni and cheese . mac and cheese itself is actually an abbreviation of macaroni and cheese.in western countries , these foods are more often consumed in the afternoon . even so actually this food is also suitable to eat at breakfast or at night . in addition to delicious and tasty , this food also has a good protein content for the body.well this time , there are recipes how to make a variant of mac and cheese that is not less delicious , the macaroni cheese ball that was launched from cookpad.com.ingredient : 1 . 100 gr macaroni , boiled2 . 1 tbsp margarine for sauteing3 . 1/2 cloves of onion , finely chopped4 . 1 clove garlic , finely chopped5 . 50 gr of corned beef6 . 2 tbsp wheat flour7 . 200 ml full cream liquid milk8 . salt to taste9 . pepper to taste10 . broth powder to taste11 . quick melt cheese , cut into pieces , to taste12 . 1 egg , shake off13 . flour bread , to tastehow to make : 1 . boil macaroni until done .2 . melt margarine , saute onion and garlic until fragrant . add corned beef , stir briefly . then put the flour and stir again until the flour blends perfectly .3 . enter the milk little by little while adding salt , pepper and powdered broth , stirring evenly . add the grated cheese and stir again and taste check .4 . enter the macaroons , mix well . wait until the gravy shrinks . remove and let stand warm .5 . wrap hand with plastic . take a little dough , flatten and give a quick melt cheese . then the shape becomes a sphere .6 . once formed into a sphere , roll it over to a sprinkle of bread crumbs . then dip it into an egg whisk and roll it over to a sprinkle of bread crumbs .7 . fry the pan with a small fire until golden yellow and macaroni cheese ball was ready to serve . good luck ! * if there is any mistake in word or writing please forgive .
taking control of one 's browser to mine cryptocurrency has a somewhat of a negative connotation , but unicef australia is seemingly doing it for good . the charity has launched something called the hopepage , which allows people to make a donation by keeping the webpage open and using your computer 's cpu to mine those digital dollars . it taps into an application by coinhive , which mines monero . each time you visit the page , you 'll have to confirm and select how much processing power ( between 20 to 80 percent ) you want to give over . " we wanted to leverage new emerging technologies to raise awareness about current humanitarian crises and raise funds to support children caught up in them , " jennifer tierney , unicef australia ’s director of fundraising and communications , said in a statement . " the hopepage allows australians to provide help and hope to vulnerable children by simply opening the page while they are online . " mining cryptocurrency for legitimate causes is n't a new thing . in february , unicef asked gamers to install mining software claymore to help support children affected by the syrian civil war . commercially , online media outlet salon tested in-browser mining , also using coinhive , but as a way of creating revenue outside of ads . that effort came with a bunch of downsides , with critics decrying the effort as wasteful . mining cryptocurrency is a power intensive exercise , and making your computer 's cpu work harder wears out your system . of course , you can decide how much computing power the hopepage uses . " if you 're ever worried about power consumption , turn down the amount of processing power you ’re donating , " explains the site 's instructions . if it 's all too much of a worry , maybe you 're better off donating cold hard cash instead .
10 . gran paradiso national parknamed after the gran paradiso mountain located within the park , it became a protected landscape following the decline of alpine ibex . the ibex population has increased since gran paradiso was made into a national park – italy ’s first – and now protects other animal species including the eurasian badger , golden eagles and black woodpeckers . 9 . national park of abruzzo , lazio and moliselocated in the heart of the central apennines , the parco nazionale d’abruzzo was created to protect a number of animals from extinction . the park covers abruzzi , lazio and molise and its valleys and mountains are home to the golden eagle , the apennine wolf , chamois , deer , otter and the marsican brown bear .8 . dolomiti bellunesihailed as the most visited national park in italy , the parco nazionale dolomiti bellunesi covers 32 square kilometers located within the province of belluno . the park was established in 1988 and is called home to diverse wildlife including several species of mammals and birds .7 . alta murgia national parkthis national park in southern italy might not have that many big mammals but there are about 75 birds that nest in the area . crested larks , woodlarks and common larks are just a few of the avian species that call the area home . due to the steppe climate as well as the stony ground , lots of reptiles can be found here . 6 . maddalena archipelago national parksituated in the northeastern portion of sardinia are a chain of islands , the seven predominant ones are called “ seven sisters . ” apart from the beautiful terrain and the jaw-dropping scenery , the seafloor is also equally stunning : it ’s teeming with life and is a world of its own . 5 . santuario dei cetaceithis is a protected area where a number of marine mammals spend their time . located in the ligurian basin of the mediterranean sea , it ’s home to various cetaceans such as the bottlenose dolphin , pilot what , common whale , sperm whale and fin whale – just to name a few . this is one of the areas to head to for whale watching activities .4 . asinara national parkknown for its habitat variety , it is best known as isla del diavolo or devil ’s island as it was used as a prison camp during world war i. it was also a high security prison during the 70s until it was created a national park in 1997 . asinara is home to the white donkey as well the sea center and the loggerhead sea turtle recovery center .3 . gran sasso e monti della laga national parklocated in abruzzo , italy , this park was established in 1991 and covers 778 square miles . a mostly mountainous area , bird watching is one of the top activities here . with a climate that is both mediterranean as well as european , a number of animals call it home including the white-backed woodpecker , wild boards and wolves . 2 . val grande national parkthis protected area in piedmont features lots of ungulates such as deer , roe deer and chamois . badgers , foxes and squirrels can be found in lower altitudes . 1 . majella national parka great trekking destination , the park is where you can spot the apennine wolf ( but with extreme patience required ) and chamois ( through an observation point ) .
a flat in happy valley was burgled late on saturday , with the loss of about hk $ 200,000 ( us $ 25,500 ) , in the latest in a series of such cases in the upmarket neighbourhood . police said a 46-year-old woman , who lives at the flat in leon court on wong nai chung gap road , reported at about 10 pm that the place had been ransacked . when they arrived , officers found that a window had been prised open . a safe , about hk $ 200,000 cash , and about hk $ 10,000 in foreign currency and valuables were gone . by monday morning , no one had been arrested . the building was surrounded by scaffolding , which photos online showed detectives investigating . last month , three flats in a happy valley block of flats on shan kwong road , also with scaffolding on its exterior , were robbed in one night . the victims lost hk $ 344,000 in cash and valuables . the next day , less than a kilometre away on ventris road , another burglary netted hk $ 300,000 in cash and jewellery . police said officers had stepped up patrols in the area .
huawei ’s had a terrible time dealing with the us in 2018 , and things are said to have gotten a whole lot worse last week , when the department of justice reportedly began investigating the chinese telecom and hardware giant for allegedly having violated the country ’s sanctions against iran . that could see it being barred from using american technology and services , including qualcomm chipsets and google ’s suite of services and the android platform . but recently , the south china morning post noted that huawei has a plan b in the works : its own os . huawei is said to have been working on a homegrown alternative to android and ios since 2012 , when rival phone maker zte was hit with an export ban for illegally selling devices and telecom equipment to iran and north korea – it ’s possible that the idea was avoid being left without a mobile platform as a result of falling out with the us . the os has reportedly been designed for use on phones , tablet , and pcs , but has n’t yet seen the light of day because it is n’t as capable as android , and does n’t have many apps from third-party developers . at this point in the game , it seems insane to build another platform that will compete with android and ios . microsoft ’s windows phone could n’t keep up , blackberry os died out in 2016 , and samsung ’s tizen os has failed to catch on . but with the litany of troubles huawei has faced in bringing its products to the us in 2018 alone , it seems like having a backup plan is n’t all that crazy . in addition to the doj investigation , the company lost out on a major carrier deal in january owing to pressure from congress ; it would have seen at &amp; t sell its phones nationwide . the following month , the heads of six american intelligence agencies warned consumers not to buy the company ’s handsets , over fears that it may steal users ’ information , spy on them to benefit china , and gain a position of power in the country ’s communications infrastructure . but that has n’t soured huawei on the us yet . at the end of last month , the ceo of its consumer business group , richard yu , said that it ’s still keen on earning the us ’ trust and delivering world-class products there . hopefully , huawei wo n’t have to resort to a foolhardy plan like launching a new os to rival android ; the idea of building it just to prevent being shut out from phone sales entirely hardly sounds like the foundation for a successful platform . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
you 've probably heard that breakfast is the most important meal of the day.additionally , eating an unhealthy breakfast can be far worse than not eating at all.a healthy breakfast includes fiber , protein and healthy fat that gives you energy and makes you feel full.in contrast , an unhealthy breakfast can make you feel sluggish , cause you to gain weight and increase your risk of chronic disease.here are the 5 worst foods you can eat in the morning .1 . muffins despite a reputation for being healthy , most muffins are just small cakes in disguise.they 're made from refined flour , vegetable oils , eggs and sugar . the only healthy ingredient is the eggs.sometimes muffins are topped with additional sugar , or filled with chocolate chips or dried fruit , further adding to their sugar and calorie content.muffins are usually high in refined flour , refined vegetable oils and sugar , all of which are very unhealthy .2 . breakfast cereals many people think breakfast cereals are a nutritious choice for children and adults.cereal packages often include health claims , such as " contains whole grains . " a label may also suggest the cereal is a good source of nutrients like vitamin a and iron.in reality , these cereals are highly processed and contain only a small amount of whole grains . also , nutrients are artificially added in a process called fortification . breakfast cereals contain mostly refined ( not whole ) grains and sugar.in fact , sugar is usually the first or second item in the ingredients list . the higher on the list , the greater the quantity.many breakfast cereals are even higher in sugar than cookies and desserts . adding whole grains or artificial vitamins and minerals does not make them a healthy choice .3 . pancakes and waffles pancakes and waffles are popular choices for weekend breakfasts at home or in restaurants.both pancakes and waffles contain flour , eggs , sugar and milk . they are cooked somewhat differently , however , in order to achieve a distinct shape and texture.although they have more protein than some breakfast items , pancakes and waffles are very high in refined flour . many researchers believe that refined grains like wheat flour contribute to insulin resistance and obesity.pancakes and waffles are made from refined flour and topped with high-sugar syrups . they may promote insulin resistance and increase the risk of obesity , type 2 diabetes and other diseases .4 . toast with margarine toast topped with margarine may seem like a good breakfast choice , since it does n't contain saturated fat or sugar.however , this is actually an unhealthy breakfast for two reasons.first , because the flour in most bread is refined , it provides you with few nutrients and little fiber.because it is high in refined carbs and low in fiber , it can spike your blood sugar levels very fast.elevated blood sugar leads to rebound hunger that causes you to eat more at the next meal , which can make you gain weight . second , most margarines contain trans fats , which are the most unhealthy type of fat you can eat . toast with margarine raises your blood sugar and insulin levels , causes rebound hunger and increases your risk of weight gain and heart disease .5 . fruit juicefruit juice is one of the worst choices you can make if you 're trying to avoid hunger , weight gain and chronic disease.some fruit juices on the market actually contain very little juice and are sweetened with sugar or high-fructose corn syrup . high sugar levels increase your risk of obesity , metabolic syndrome , type 2 diabetes and other diseases . even 100 % fruit juice contains a lot of sugar . consuming large amounts of fruit juice can have the same effects on your weight and health as drinking sugar-sweetened beverages . drinking fruit juice causes your blood sugar to rise very quickly because there 's no fat or fiber to slow down absorption . the resulting spike in insulin and drop in blood sugar can make you feel tired , shaky and hungry .
in recent days in the area of east kalamun in the province of damascus was actively withdrawing militants.this is in a new report of the " russian spring " from the syrian arab republicthe settlement rugeibe was completely liberated from illegal armed formations , then the members of the illegal armed formations began to withdraw from jairuda.an indispensable condition for the unhindered movement of supporters of opposition armed formations was the surrender of all heavy and medium weapons to representatives of the government army.in accordance with this , the fighters of " jays al-islam " handed over to russian officers a huge amount of weapons and ammunition to it . the first thing that caught my eye was the origin of this weapon - in its mass it was western.if formerly militants and terrorists were primarily seized military property , exported from the post-soviet space , now the lion 's share of the withdrawn is weapons and ammunition , which are in the arsenal of nato countries . his militants were brought to a pre-determined place to hand over weapons and handed over to our russian servicemen from the center for the reconciliation of warring parties.among other things , the video " russian spring " you can see the american , romanian and bulgarian weapons.impressive is the amount of ammunition and weapons that the militants did not take out of their fortified area , located in the mountains of eastern kalamun . such a colossal amount of military property was easier to transfer along with the warehouses themselves , equipped in a rock massif.representatives of the group " jays al-islam " did not hide the origin of these weapons and ammunition and said that they received it from representatives of the us army during the period of cooperation and work in the interests of the coalition of countries headed by the united states .
fantastic four ( stylized as fant4stic ) is a 2015 american superhero film based on the marvel comics superhero team of the same name . it is the third theatrical fantastic four film to be produced and distributed by 20th century fox , and a reboot of the fantastic four film franchise . directed by josh trank , who co-wrote the screenplay with jeremy slater and simon kinberg , the film stars miles teller , michael b. jordan , kate mara , jamie bell , and toby kebbell . in fantastic four , the team must learn to harness their superhuman abilities gained from an alternate universe to save earth from a friend turned enemy.development of the film began in 2009 after fox announced plans to reboot the franchise . trank was hired to direct in july 2012 and the principal characters were cast in january 2014 . principal photography began in may 2014 in baton rouge , louisiana and lasted for two months . dissatisfied with the production , fox executives mandated reshoots , which took place in january 2015 . fantastic four premiered at williamsburg cinemas in new york city on august 4 , 2015 , and was released on august 7 in the united states.the film was a major critical and commercial failure , [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] grossing $ 168 million worldwide against a production budget of $ 155 million . at the 36th golden raspberry awards , it won in the categories for worst director , worst prequel , remake , rip-off , or sequel , and worst picture ( the latter tied with fifty shades of grey ) , and was also nominated for worst screen combo and worst screenplay.credit : wikipedia
megan markle and british prince harry 's wedding , scheduled for may 19 , is less than three weeks away . the pair leads the final preparations for this festive event . megan not only she wants to look perfect in her wedding dress , but also actively encourages people to take care of your appearance of the groom . as reported by the daily mail , at her insistence , 33-year-old harry has lost more than three kilograms , although he does not suffer from excess weight.megan put the prince on her diet . he had to give up pizza and hamburgers and generally sharply reduce the consumption of carbohydrates . harry began to drink natural fresh juices from fruits and vegetables : future spouses bought for this expensive high-quality juicer . his highness 's daily diet now includes kale kale kale kale kale , which the 36-year-old ex-actress considers to be extremely useful . markl is also trying to teach harry how to eat meat.in addition , the prince at her insistence enrolled in the gym , a monthly subscription which costs 575 pounds ( 793 dollars ) megan herself is seriously engaged in yoga ( her mother — african american doria regland-yoga instructor ) . markl visits one of the elite yoga studios in london . she also trains by performing a pilates exercise system . and he runs in the park every day around kensington palace .
a number of media outlets ( sky news arabia and al-arabiya , sana ) reported on a series of explosions that occurred on the night of april 30 near the bases of the syrian government in aleppo and hama.the human rights organization syrian observatory for human rights ( based in london ) told al-arabiya that as a result of these explosions , 26 people , including the iranian military , were killed . sky news arabia has other data : the source said that the victims were 40 people , including 18 iranian soldiers.according to al-arabiya , a missile strike was fired at the bases . as a result , a fire broke out in the ammunition warehouse , accompanied by powerful explosions . ria novosti from a source in law enforcement agencies learned that the targets of missile strikes were warehouses with weapons . the interlocutor confirmed that a fire broke out at the arms store in hama.while no one took responsibility for the missile strike . according to sky news arabia , israel is behind the attack . the israeli army refused to comment . " we refuse to comment , " ria novosti reported to the press service.tass reports that the commander of shiite fighters fighting on the side of the syrian army in an interview with al mayadeen refuted a missile strike against the pro-iranian fatimiyun base in the vicinity of the city of aleppo in the north of syria.on april 17 , the media learned of missile strikes at the syrian government 's airbase near damascus and the shayrat airfield in homs province . then the israeli army also refused to comment , and at the pentagon they said that they had nothing to do with the shelling.on april 14 , the united states , great britain and france attacked three syrian targets , allegedly linked to the syrian chemical weapons program . the attack was a response to the alleged chemical attack in the province of east guta , in which the countries of europe and the us accuse president bashar assad . after the attack , the russian military said that the syrian air defense had intercepted most of the missiles , the americans denied it .
after you lose extra centimeters and climb in dreamed jeans , i want to pamper myself with something delicious . but how after weight loss do not get stomach again ? * after limiting yourself to food , adjust the diet smoothly : do not try to eat all that you have denied yourself during a diet , because you have not just stopped consuming certain foods , but started to take a completely different way of life . * eat sweets , but infrequently and only until 14.00 ( then the calories contained in them , you can spend the same day ) . * do not give up fat - they are needed for healthy skin , hair , blood vessels and proper metabolism . for example , a portion of unsaturated fats : a tablespoon of linen or other vegetable oil , a handful of nuts or seeds , half an avocado or an average steak of red fish . portion of saturated fats : medium steak of red meat or 2-3 servings of dairy products . exclude from the diet of harmful fats - margarine , which is contained in the baking , sweets , ice cream , waffles , as well as mayonnaise and spread . * make sure the proteins are in each meal . so you 're less likely to worry about hunger . * strengthen immunity , because during the diet , the body weakens .
russians keep about $ 47 billion ( 34 billion pounds ) on accounts in the british offshore . this is almost five times the amount that russians keep on the accounts of british banks . this is reported by the times referring to the study of the organization global witness , which deals with the fight against corruption and human rights violations in countries that exploit natural resourcesoffshore open , be careful . nowhere to go to a simple russian oligarch and officialit is specified that most of the funds , which is in offshore ( 30 billion pounds ) , is registered in the british virgin islands . this is the second most popular offshore destination for russians after cyprus . in general , over the past ten years , according to global witness , russians have withdrawn about $ 152 billion ( 110 billion pounds ) through the british offshore.last week , the times reported that the british parliament intends to vote in favor of a law that will disclose the identity of russian businessmen who keep money in the british virgin islands and the cayman islands . this law , his supporters hope , will close the possibility of money laundering with the help of british offshore companies . recall offshore , open in the british virgin islands , appear in the " panamanian case "
can i find the coin that i found?it 's interesting , but different people respond to this seemingly simple question in completely different ways , citing convincing arguments in their defense . for example , according to a popular example , to find a coin on the street is to wealth . but you must be fully satisfied ! otherwise , the found coin will become a harbinger of poverty . conclusion : if you are hungry , then do not look under your feet , then you just will not see an iron money , lonely lying on the dirty asphalt.if you are full and have seen a coin lying on the ground , then be sure to look at how it lies . if the coin looks at you with an " heads " - then you will be very lucky , if it 's a " tails " - then do not raise this penny.the money they find is very popular when they are given to those who especially need them , so it is generally accepted that they will begin to bring good to the person who found them , only when he or she gives them to the beggar , into the church , or simply buys bread for the hungry rights . only then will the coin become a kind of a payment for future success and happiness .
good news for people planning on hosting viewing parties for prince harry and meghan markle 's wedding — you wo n't have to pay a licence fee to screen it . the bbc announced it will be waiving its fee for communities screening the wedding live , so people hosting street parties and other events on the day wo n't need to worry about buying a licence . in the uk , premises need to buy a tv licence in order to view or stream tv programmes on any device . but , the bbc sometimes issues a " dispensation " for broadcasts it deems to be " of national importance . " in a statement , pipa doubtfire , the bbc 's head of revenue management , said the bbc considers the royal wedding to be such an occasion . this means that the royal wedding can be broadcast at street parties , as well as events in town halls and community centres throughout the uk without a cost to those in attendance . " we have decided to offer a one-off dispensation for the royal wedding on may 19 , " said doubtfire . " this will allow the public to enjoy live coverage of the occasion at special events like street parties , where tv is not usually watched , without needing to buy a licence . " better get planning that street party , people !
why do cats spend so much time licking their wool ? for cats licking , in addition to hygiene products , is a way to maintain a mental balance . care for hair soothes , neutralizes emerging aggressiveness . pouring out , the cat clears from a wool a certain amount of the substance containing vitamin , which is necessary for regulation of mental balance . if you deprive a cat of this opportunity , it will become nervous and may even perish.why does a cat sometimes try to lick your face or hair ? the first impression received by a kitten from a mother is a waste in the form of licking and washing . it is an act of care and care for him , so if the cat ( or cat ) tries to lick you , consider it as an attempt at maternal care to take care of you.why do cats sometimes lick and bite woolen clothes , clubs , scarves ? there are several theories , but mostly scholars believe that the reason is the same as in the previous question.why do some people have an allergy to cat wool ? strictly speaking , the allergy is not wool , and the fel d1 protein contained in the cat 's saliva . when the cat is washed and licked , it carries the saliva to its wool , after which it can fall on furniture and carpets . different individuals have different amounts of protein , but in the general case , the cats are less allergenic than cats . there are two ways of preventing such an allergy - bathe a cat , flushing off the wool stuff ( which is not recommended to do often ) , or wipe a cat 's wool with a special soft cloth.why does the cat , lying on your hands , picking up his paws , " knocking " something ? the reason is again in childhood . a kitten feeding on maternal milk , massaging the cats ' belly with paws , stimulates the " feeding " of milk . an adult animal uses this technique to show the extreme degree of comfort and pleasure.why do cats usually go to the hands or fall on the feet of those who do not like them ? when one cat tries to scare the other , he bends his back with an arc , shakes the wool and gives out a threatening hiss . if a person does not like cats , he tries to sit calmly so that he does not attract the attention of the animal . and cat considers it a sign of affection . do not spit , do not move - so , friend.why does a cat try to hit a person in a head ? it turns out to be a way of expressing affection , and they can express such behavior in relation to other members of their tribe , and not just people.why do cats scratch furniture and wallpaper ? it is believed that this way the cats grind their claws . but even if you offer the cat a handy nail clipper , he will gladly cut the claws about the angle of the wall or the sofa ( in your absence ) . this is due to the fact that on the cat 's paws , between the fingers , there are special glands that the cat mentions its territory.why do cats rub about furniture , legs , tables , legs ? the cats have special glands on the tail , on the sides of the head , on the lips , in the tongue , in the genitals and between the anterior paws . they use them to mark their territory . when a cat crashes about your leg , it marks you , indicating that you are " him . " for the same reason , cats rub about the furniture and the corners of the rooms.why immediately after you stroked a cat , he begins to lick ? there are two theories , according to one , the cat tries to get rid of your smell , the second - on the contrary , trying to taste it to " continue pleasure . "
cats are pretty interesting creatures – they ’re definitely the quirkiest pet you can have . they have funny and distinct personalities and amazing talents . they can fit their body like their body is made of liquid into almost any container you can think of.vases , boxes , laundry baskets and sinks are perfect for cats , even if you think they ca n’t fit inside . no matter how funny they look , cats just love squeezing into tight spaces and it ’s sometimes pretty funny to look at.here are 15 picture that show cats are made of liquid : 1 . a new type of flower!this guy thought that a flower pot is a great place to chill and we have to agree .2 . a basket of … flour ?! take a look at this cat – she entered a flour basket and fit right in ! you may have thought it ’s a basket full of white flour , but if you look closely , you can see that ’s not the case . imagine the surprise of the owner when he saw his cat inside the basket ! 3 . a liquid cat!yes , the cat may look like it ’s terrified , but that ’s actually her relaxed state . it seems that comfort has a different meaning to cats and humans .4 . “ a glass of cat-ernet , sir ? ” take a look at this cat – we ’re amazed to see it fit perfectly into the wine glass ! 5 . is that a cat melting on the sidewalk?this pic looks like a cat melted on the sidewalk , yet the owner who took the picture says that it got up and moved away after a couple of minutes ! 6 . a kitty waterfalltake a look at this guy ! and you were wondering if cats are really made of liquid ?! 7 . a cup of cutenessawwwww . this tiny kitty got into a plastic cup and fell asleep and just looks so cute ! take a look at those paws ! 8 . an undeniable proof of cats ’ liquid statethere it is – the proof we ’ve all been looking for ! liquids have no shape and can fit any container , just like cats .9 . a jar of purr-etzelswho does n’t like pretzels ? or in this case purr-etzels ? 10 . what the hell ?! yes , we looked at the picture a few times as well . how the hell did the cat fit in this vase and pose ?! 11 . stuck?we ’re not exactly sure how the cat got itself in this container , but we love it ! 12 . an overflowing sink!this cat has become one with the sink and is wondering why the hell is her owner staring at her .13 . “ honey , i think the cat is melting ! ” another pic of a melting cat ! however , she looks pretty comfortable , so we guess it ’s not a big problem .14 . “ get the hell out of here human ! ” a cup of cat-uccino anyone ? 15 . “ i told you we could both fit in here ! ” take a look at the pic again – yes , there are two cats in the vase . why , you ask ? because they can .
retailers just ca n’t seem to stop leaking these sort of things ! if i ever become a game developer or publisher , someone better remind me to keep an eye on retail websites ! why ? because the release date of soulcalibur vi may have just been leaked ! the release date could be september 27th , 2018 , according to this italian amazon webpage . if you do n’t have google translate then “ data di uscita ” means “ release date ” in english . other soulcalibur vi news : geralt of rivia from the witcher games is going to be one of the playable fighters ! “ all soulcalibur characters have strong convictions and complex backgrounds and this is why it is a great honor for the whole soulcalibur team to welcome geralt as the guest character in soulcalibur vi , ” said motohiro okubo , a soulcalibur producer , on the monster hunter ’s inclusion in their upcoming game . “ thanks to the great cooperation with cd projekt red , we ’ve been able to fully integrate geralt ’s fighting style and appearance . we ca n’t wait for soulcalibur fans around the world to welcome geralt to the stage of history . ” this is n’t the first time a retail website appeared to leaked the release date of an upcoming game . earlier this month , a target webpage may have leaked the release date for kingdom hearts iii and just last week a hong kong playstation store webpage apparently leaked the release date for pes 2019 . source the post soulcalibur vi could be out in september appeared first on cogconnected .
this is not an appearance , it is the character traits and personality of a woman that men want to see in their future wife.and it calms , as it can be developed in itself without the help of a plastic surgeon or even a gym .1 . understanding and support.you can not imagine how much men appreciate women who understand and support what he does , what he goes through , because much is expected from men in society . we do not say that this is wrong . we say that men have a lot of responsibility , and they also really doubt whether everyone does it right . but if in his life there is a woman who supports him and encourages to achieve what he wants , this means a lot to him.a man expects the woman to understand and support , not to sit and " saw " him for doing wrong things .2 . the ability of women to inspire and motivate a man to become better.yes , you need to support a man , but you do not need to make him a favor if he is looking for easy ways . sometimes it is worth pressing on it , just do it right . for example , " are you sure you do not want to try to take this position ? it seems to me that you have enough strength to deal with this - i will support you . " he will appreciate it , because at heart he also wants to be bigger and better , but he may still have a little doubt . as they say , behind every great man is a great woman . men respect these women .3 . be yourself.do not close , be yourself 100 % . do not be afraid to say something is wrong . do not be afraid to frighten off a man . do not settle for everything - have an opinion , do not hesitate to say it.being just polite and compliant will not help create a real bond with a man .4 . falling in love with your life.men adore devoted women . do what 's important to you . what you like . men are attracted by such women , because they see that her happiness will not depend only on him , that she has her own happy life .5 . when a woman watches herself.when she is responsible for her happiness and knows how to make herself happy . healthy food . do sport . allocate time for good sleep and rest . develop intellectually . the bottom line is that a man does not want to be the only source of a woman 's happiness .
many famous smokers , such as kate moss and naomi campbell , assured that cigarettes help them to maintain harmony.ask any smoker that scares him for refusing cigarettes , and you will definitely hear stories about those who give up smoking and dramatically overweight . the idea that smoking cessation necessarily leads to extra pounds , is very common . top models have repeatedly said that cigarettes help them to maintain harmony . however , daily smoking increases the likelihood of an increase in overweight , if compared with those who do not smoke . the study found that smokers consume 200 extra calories per day.although cigarette slightly suppresses appetite , they are not at all a good way to lose weight , as demonstrated by the observation of 5,300 people . smokers eaten less , but leaned on unhealthy food , consuming an additional 0.23 calories per gram of food . perhaps this is due to the fact that smokers are not very attentive to their own health , if they do not abandon the bad habit . consequently , they pay less attention to what lies in their plate . previous studies have already shown that smokers rarely apply to fruits and vegetables.and now , scientists from yale university have compared the caloric intake of smokers and non-smokers . it turned out that in the diet of smokers more products with high energy density . in other words , they consume less amount of food that contains more calories . people who do not smoke large volumes of products that contain less calories .
a woman wanted a parrot as a companion so badly , she enlisted her daughter to embark on a stealth quest to retrieve one for her at all costs . why a parrot ? well , why not ? writer noor ( @himynameisnoor ) tweeted a play-by-play of the unusual exchange she had with her mother who happened to be at home and desperately needing a feathered pet.noor began the epic thread by declaring her mother was simply mad in saturday 's tweet . thread . my mum is absolutely mad . this conversation just happened over the phone . i 'm in my room upstairs , and she 's downstairs.history reveals noor 's mum has a thing for birds . this was n't going to bode well for some of the household members who are allergic to birds.i 'm going to try and talk her out of this . it 's ludicrous , we have two people in the house who might be allergic and a cat . will keep this thread updated.her strange anecdote was amped-up with some visual aid in continuation of the story . because suddenly , her mum wanted more than one parrot and outed herself as a pathological liar with her outrageous demand . when words are n't enough , gifs are the way to go.the unwilling accomplice admitted that her mum had begged for a parrot addition to the family for years . you do n't understand . we 've been having this bird argument for a decade now . my mum has been fighting to get birds in the house for years . there 's 11 of us , and half of the fam have always protested . i tried to talk sense to her but she 's gone full rogue.so what happens now ? the family waits for the patriarch to come home . when he finally does arrive , we find out the truth about his feelings about birds.looks like mum got her way . will there be a sequel involving chickens ? or a bad case of a bird flu outbreak?people related to the madness .
prince harry and meghan markle 's may 19th wedding is now less than three weeks away . the music has been chosen , the guest list has been confirmed , the best man has been announced , and prince harry has been focusing on his own wedding prep , which involves kale.according to the daily mail , harry has been " following his fiancée ’s love of ' clean eating ' " and has lost more than seven pounds as a result . according to a source , this includes swapping carbs and processed foods for " kale and quinoa " in his daily meal plan . " meghan has completely changed harry ’s diet , " the source told daily mail . " she 's got him juicing and he has lost at least half a stone , which is a lot for someone as skinny as he is . " " they have bought a top-of-the-range juicer and she has him on fruit and veg smoothies . she ’s also weaning him off meat , " the source continued.back in november during a visit to a chicago school with michelle obama ( casual ) , harry revealed to a group of students that he 'd already given up one not-so-clean , very delicious item : pizza . " i do n’t even eat pizza anymore , but i had pizza last night , ” he told them . " we had deep dish and thin crust . " no word on whether he 's still eating popcorn , but as of september , he was still a fan : the daily mail also reports that harry has joined " an exclusive £ 575-a-month gym " ( which comes out to roughly $ 790 ) . meghan markle was also spotted leaving a workout a just a few weeks ago ; the royal-to-be is a big yogi and , according to the daily mail , often runs in kensington gardens like princess diana used to do .
on saturday , april 28 , the french newspaper le monde published an interview with the wife of french president brigitte macron . she shared her impressions of a recent visit to the united states . this was mainly about melania trump.65-year-old mrs. macron immediately stated that many had an erroneous idea of the first lady of the united states . " she looks unsmiling , tense . especially on the background of her husband , who so loves to cuddle and shake hands , " brigitte said . " in fact , everything is not so . melania is very cheerful . we have the same sense of humor with her , and we laughed a lot together ... she is a very strong personality , but she has to hide it , " said brigitte macron.melania has more restrictions than i have . she is not allowed to do anything . the security service is terrible . melania can not even open the window in the white house , because the us secret service agents will immediately call and say : " close ! " . she can not go anywhere . i , for example , walk around paris every day , " - said the first lady of france . " she had to change . not to me . i see my children and grandchildren whenever i want . and melania is like a prisoner , " brigitte macron concluded .
back to school . if you spray paint a couple of mason jars you can make some practical and good-looking pencil holders . paint them all different colors so you can organize your utensils more easily . pens go in the yellow jar , scissors in the green one , etc. another way of making organizing easy and fun is to pain chalkboard labels on the jars . then you can write on them what you want . when you have lots of things to store in jars and not a lot of desk space , you can try stacking them and placing them horizontally . a simple mason jar can become a work of art if you put your mind to it . get some paint and a thin brush and start the makeover . it would also be nice and useful to paint the bottom half of the jar with chalkboard paint and the top area with normal paint . when painting the jar with regular paint , start with the inside first . spread the paint evenly and place the jars upside down . if you want to make your pencil holder feel cozy and warm you can knit a sweater for it . wrap it around and it looks very cute . to make it easier to organize your things , you can put tags on the jars . you just need a little thread and a piece of paper . of course , mason jars are great pencil holders as they are and they only need extra work only if you prefer a different look for them . want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
mount a mason jar on a piece of recycled wood and you ’ll get a rustic vase . display it in the living room , on the porch or anywhere else . several jars can be attached to a single piece of wood . for example , you can make a trio of vases , each jar for a different flower . you can use rope to keep the jars attached to the wood panel . it ’s a particularly nice idea if you ’re aiming at a rustic , shabby chic look . similarly , you can use jars attached to wood panels to store and display your kitchen utensils . it takes little space and it ’s very practical . another idea can be to mount the jars in front of the desk and to use them for storing pencils and other items . instead of making a vase you could make a planter . just fill the jar with soil and add your favorite plant and you have a wall-mounted planter . using wall-mounted jars in the kitchen is particularly functional because you get to free up counter space . it ’s easy to be organized when you have a jar for everything . mount them on the wall to keep the desk free and uncluttered . you can use a similar organizing system for the bathroom . put cotton balls , q tips , brushes and everything else on the wall where you can easily reach them . a square piece of wood placed obliquely will become a lovely sconce base for your mason jar vase . mason jar wall organizers are perfect for any room of the house , including the office , bathroom and kitchen . want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
every year , software developers eagerly look forward to annual conferences where they can meet up with other techies with whom they may have worked with on any number of open-source projects . like any other industry , there is always a theme or common thread trending , and this year that theme appears to be a focus on how the landscape of developing software and apps is changing.a decade of changesin what was once a rather homogenous market of pcs , developers now must address issues across multiple platforms and devices . software development companies must face the fact that today ’s consumer may use multiple devices across all devices , platforms and operating systems . the focus of the two major developer conferences of the summer will take a long look at how developers are now approaching such challenges as addressing the variables in how users access the internet and how they store files . with so many toolkits and languages available , these conferences help to keep developers up to date on the latest tools and trends.conferences highlighted in 2018one of the year ’s main conferences has come and gone in february , but the iterate conference held on the 27th of february in san francisco served to highlight what developers can look forward to in october at the monktoberfest conference to be held in portland , maine . much of what will be addressed surrounds the challenges of developing apps for cloud computing which must , by their very nature , be accessible from literally any device running on any platform . while the biggies are microsoft , apple , google and even amazon , cross-platform apps are presenting one of the biggest challenges developers have ever faced.once there was microsoft and apple and now there are many . of course , let ’s not forget the contribution ibm made to the realm of computer land . the conference also sparks interest among smaller companies , who will participate for the first time , like elinext . the combination of small and big companies is ideal for developers.the importance of attending developer conferencesthe reason why these conferences have become so important to software developers around the world is because there is also a social aspect to the events . not only are new products showcased but keynote speakers are chosen to outline trends within the industry . this is the one time in which developers can get that face-to-face with other professionals in the industry and often those little tidbits of shared information can set the stage for a whole new approach to apps they are currently working on . in fact , this is where many developers meet up with new faces they eventually will collaborate with online for new projects that they hope will take the world of computing by storm . that is really every developer ’s dream , after all.in the end , these conferences of 2018 also highlight the need for sustainability . not only are developers seeking greener solutions , but they are looking for ways to sustain the rapid pace of keeping up with the ever-changing needs of consumers without hitting that stage of total burnout . it is best said by how the iterate conference was divided . the first portion of the conference was focused on api development and design while the final part of the conference addressed developer burnout . even if you did n’t attend an earlier conference , there are several upcoming events to consider.check out monktoberfest in early october to get your tickets secured in advance . if you are interested in any other conferences , you can find a list here .
ingredients : 1 package yellow cake mix ( regular size ) 1 package ( 3.4 ounces ) instant lemon pudding mix 1-3/4 cups water 2 egg whites 3/4 cup cold fat-free milk 1/2 teaspoon lemon extract 1 package ( 1 ounce ) instant sugar-free vanilla pudding mix 1 carton ( 8 ounces ) frozen reduced-fat whipped topping , thaweddirections : in a large bowl , combine the cake mix , lemon pudding mix , water and egg whites . beat on low spread for 30 seconds . beat on medium for 2 minutes . pour into a 13x9-in . baking pan coated with cooking spray . bake at 350 ° for 23-28 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool on a wire rack . meanwhile , in a large bowl , whisk the milk , extract and vanilla pudding mix for 2 minutes . let stand for 2 minutes more or until soft-set . fold in whipped topping . spread over cake . store in the refrigerator.note : sugar-free lemon pudding mix is not available.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 161 calories , 4g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 289 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate ( 17g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 2g protein.makes : 20 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 25 min .
ingredients : 2 tablespoons sugar 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch 2 tablespoons water 2 cups sliced fresh strawberries , divided 1/2 teaspoon grated lime zest 2 individual round sponge cakes 2 cups fresh blueberries whipped topping , optionaldirections : in a small saucepan , mix sugar and cornstarch . stir in water . add 1 cup strawberries ; mash mixture . bring to a boil ; cook and stir 1-2 minutes or until thickened . remove from heat ; stir in lime zest . transfer to a small bowl ; refrigerate , covered , until chilled . cut sponge cakes crosswise in half ; trim each to fit in bottoms of four wide-mouth half-pint canning jars . in a small bowl , mix blueberries and remaining strawberries ; spoon over cakes . top with sauce . if desired , serve with whipped topping.tips : shortcakes ( homemade or store-bought ) can be swapped for sponge cake here if that floats your boat . crumble large pieces into the bottom of the canning jars before topping with fruit and sauce.a little vanilla extract folded into the whipped topping — or fresh whipped cream , if you prefer — is delicious.nutritional facts : 1 serving ( calculated without whipped topping ) : 124 calories , 1g fat ( 0 saturated fat ) , 10 mg cholesterol , 67 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate ( 21g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 2g protein . diabetic exchanges : 1 starch , 1 fruit.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + chilling
prince william is not just prince harry ’s big brother , he ’s also his best man ! kensington palace announced on thursday , april 26 , that harry — who will be marrying suits star meghan markle next month — has chosen his older sibling to be the right hand man in his wedding party . “ prince harry has asked his brother the duke of cambridge to be his best man at his wedding to ms. meghan markle , ” the family ’s official office tweeted . “ the duke of cambridge is honored to have been asked , and is very much looking forward to supporting his brother at st. george ’s chapel , windsor on may 19th . ” previously , harry , 33 , served william ’s best man when the heir to the crown wed kate middleton in 2011 . when asked by reporters about the reversal in roles during , william , 35 , said he was “ thrilled and delighted ” to have the opportunity to stand by his brother ’s side on the big day . “ it feels great . revenge is sweet , ” he joked during a joint appearance at the opening of greenhouse sports centre in london with the groom-to-be . harry then chimed in that he “ got down on one knee ” when he asked william to be his best man . he added , “ he ’s known for months . ”
chicago west has easily become one of the most popular celebrity babies of 2018 — right next to prince louis arthur charles , of course . but kim kardashian just revealed that she actually had a few other names in mind when baby chicago was born . “ we were gon na name her jo because of my grandma mary jo , or we were gon na go with grace , and then it was chicago , ” kim said on the ellen degeneres show . yes , there was a chance that one of kimye 's kids would have had a totally mainstream name . ellen brought up kim 's fascination with one syllable names , pointing out that chicago has three . “ when i was pitching names you said you wanted one syllable , ” degeneres said . kardashian replied , “ and i did . chicago is not one syllable . it kind of messes with me , i ’m not gon na lie . i really like the one syllable thing . ” she went on to explain the reason she and kanye west chose the name chicago , sighting her husband 's connection to the city . " that is a place that made him , a place that he remembers his family from , " kim said . " he really wanted his mother 's name [ donda ] , and i love that name too . i just was n't sure if it 's so much to live up to . that was n't one syllable either . but i just thought chicago was cool and different . " she 's right about that ! is n't it weird to think we might have been calling kimye 's third child jo , grace , or donda , instead ?
ingredients : 2 packages ( 8 ounces each ) cream cheese , softened 1/3 cup lemon juice 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 2 cans ( 14 ounces each ) sweetened condensed milk 4 cups half-and-half cream 6 eggs , beaten 2 cups heavy whipping cream 3 cups granola without raisins 2 cans ( 21 ounces each ) cherry pie fillingdirections : in a large bowl , beat the cream cheese , lemon juice and vanilla . add milk and mix well ; set aside . in a large saucepan , heat the half-and-half to 175 ° ; whisk a small amount into eggs . return all to the pan , whisking constantly . cook and stir over low heat until mixture reaches 160 ° and coats the back of a metal spoon . remove from the heat ; cool slightly . stir in the whipping cream ; beat into cream cheese mixture ( mixture will be thin ) . divide the granola between two greased 13-in . x 9-in . dishes . top with cream mixture and pie filling . cover and freeze overnight.nutritional facts : 3/4 cup : 415 calories , 26g fat ( 14g saturated fat ) , 155 mg cholesterol , 136 mg sodium , 37g carbohydrate ( 25g sugars , 4g fiber ) , 11g protein.makes : 18 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . + freezing
ingredients : 2-1/2 cups half-and-half cream 1 cup milk 1-1/4 cups sugar 2 eggs , lightly beaten 12 ounces cream cheese , cubed 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 teaspoon vanilla extractdirections : in a large saucepan , heat the cream and milk to 175 ° ; stir in sugar until dissolved . whisk a small amount of hot mixture into the eggs . return all to the pan , whisking constantly . cook and stir over low heat until mixture reaches at least 160 ° and coats the back of a metal spoon . remove from the heat . whisk in cream cheese until smooth . cool quickly by placing pan in a bowl of ice water ; stir for 2 minutes . stir in lemon juice and vanilla . press plastic wrap onto surface of custard . refrigerate for several hours or overnight . fill cylinder of ice cream freezer two-thirds full ; freeze according to manufacturer ’s directions . refrigerate remaining mixture until ready to freeze . transfer to a freezer container ; freeze for 2-4 hours before serving.nutritional facts : 1/2 cup : 272 calories , 16g fat ( 10g saturated fat ) , 94 mg cholesterol , 130 mg sodium , 24g carbohydrate ( 23g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 6g protein.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + chilling process : 20 min . / batch + freezing
when chip and joanna gaines say they put family first , they mean it — and do n’t dare tell them otherwise . after a writer published an essay claiming the fixer upper stars put their career above their family to get ahead , chip shut that whole thing down . in an opinion column published by usa today , writer daryl austin questioned whether their family-first philosophy was realistic given their massive business success . “ no matter how rich and famous , we are all limited by the same 24 hours in a day . you can not do all they ’ve done ( or even a fraction of it ) and still have any real time left over for family , ” he wrote . “ frankly , i wonder where they even find the time to brush their teeth , let alone spend quality , one-on-one time with each child daily . ” austin argued that chip and jo do “ a disservice to the parents who really are putting their children first , ” because they make it look easy to balance a massive career with a family life . and he argued that even though they ended fixer upper to spend more time with their kids , they have also launched a new restaurant and cookbook , so their business empire just keeps growing . this argument did n’t sit well with chip . on twitter , he did n’t mince words about what he thought of the article . “ i do n’t know daryl , and he clearly does n’t know me , ” he wrote . he said that if an issue came up with his family , he would “ shut this circus down so fast it will make your head spin . ” but he said that it ’s possible to balance work and family , and wo n’t let this one doubter get him down . i dont know daryl , &amp; he clearly doesnt know me . but for the record : if there is ever a need w / my family ( 1st ) , i 'll shut this circus down so fast it will make your head spin . but jo &amp; i believe , w / god anything is possible . including having an amazing family and career you love . https://t.co/3dbwiikmnh— chip gaines ( @chipgaines ) april 28 , 2018 read his full response below : “ i do n’t know daryl , and he clearly does n’t know me . but for the record : if there is ever a need with my family ( first ) , i ’ll shut this circus down so fast it will make your head spin . but jo and i believe , with god anything is possible . including having an amazing family and career you love . ”
warning : this post contains light spoilers for westworld season 2 episode 2 . a face familiar to fans of breaking bad appeared on sunday 's episode of westworld : giancarlo esposito , known for his work as breaking bad 's gus fring , the proprietor of los pollos hermanos and a booming methamphetamine business . esposito made his first guest appearance on westworld as the host el lazo , a leader of outlaws who william ( ed harris ) was seeking out for help in order to continue on his journey through the park . esposito 's cameo in the episode " reunion " was short but intensely captivating , and the story behind his appearance is surprising . image : hboin an interview with vulture , esposito revealed that he got the call to appear on westworld thanks to his relationship with anthony hawkins , who plays the character robert . i love sir anthony hopkins i really loved the original movie about this particular subject matter . although i do n’t watch a lot of the television series , i had watched pieces of a few episodes that caught my attention . and then i got a call . that ’s how it always happens ! you know , people know other people . in terms of how public life affects all this , i ’ve said some great things about anthony , and he ’s said some great things about me in regards to my work as gus fring on breaking bad , so i think it was all kind of synchronous in that way . speaking with hbo , esposito said westworld was a show he kept his eye on and he was excited to work with ed harris , who he 's been a long-time fan of . in terms of the actual role , esposito delivered perfectly and told vulture he did n't want to necessarily play it with the idea that he 's playing a robot , lest he think too much about it . it was such an interesting role though that he could n't say no , he told hbo . " when i first read the scene , i thought , ' wow , what an interesting way to introduce a character who has been another character ' — someone who has a multi-tiered personality who can create dissention in this world of robots and humans , " he told hbo . " the unexpected nature of the scene was so exciting to me , that i could n’t say no . it was such a duel in many ways : an intellectual and moral duel , even more than a physical duel . " hopefully that 's not the last we see of esposito in westworld . who knows , he could come back as a completely different personality .
ingredients : 1 package fudge brownie mix ( 13-inch x 9-inch pan size ) 3/4 cup chopped walnuts 1 can ( 14 ounces ) sweetened condensed milk 2 teaspoons peppermint extract 4 drops green food coloring , optional 2 cups heavy whipping cream , whipped 1/2 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips 1 jar ( 16 ounces ) hot fudge ice cream topping , warmed 1/3 cup chopped salted peanutsdirections : prepare brownie mix according to package directions . stir in walnuts . pour into a greased 13x9-in . baking pan . bake at 325 ° for 23-27 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean ( do not overbake ) . cool on a wire rack . meanwhile , in a large bowl , combine the milk , extract and food coloring if desired . fold in whipped cream and chocolate chips . spread over brownie layer . cover and freeze for several hours or overnight . let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes before cutting . drizzle with ice cream topping ; sprinkle with peanuts.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 579 calories , 31g fat ( 9g saturated fat ) , 60 mg cholesterol , 247 mg sodium , 68g carbohydrate ( 47g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 9g protein.makes : 15 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + freezing bake : 25 min . + cooling
to find a true lover who can give you real love , you have to know what true love is . to attract and keep him/her , you have to give a genuine love in return . here are 5 differences between true love and fake love that you must know.true love is respectful and fake love is rude : true love will respect your opinions , decisions , and even your ambitions . on the other hand , fake love is arrogant.true love trusts and fake love doubts too much : true love has confidence in you . it trusts your decisions and actions . it is positive towards you . on the other hand , fake love does n’t trust you.googletrue love is loyal and fake love is a cheater : true love has a strong commitment to you . it will avoid temptations and will never try to cheat on you . on the other hand , fake love is always and will always be a cheater.true love lasts forever and fake love dies : the great story of true love and the big sacrifices made by the true lovers continue to inspire people , generation by generation . on the other hand , fake love is only after the flesh . it lives shortly , and its story is easily forgotten.when you find true love , it feels right . there is a certainty that resides in you . you do n’t feel the need to talk about your relationship with others to get their feedback . you truly enjoy each other ’s company.googlehi guys , how much did you like these article ? be sure to comment on it and do not forgot to follow my page .
credit suisse ’s ceo for asia-pacific says the regional business has a strong pipeline of mergers and acquisitions ( m &amp; a ) advisory , and capital markets underwriting , after reporting record quarterly revenue for its wealth management and advisory businesses , although earnings remained flat . helman sitohang said while the bank recorded stronger fees from m &amp; as during the quarter , which will continue for the “ foreseeable future ” , the investment bank ’s top official in the region said he also expects a broad-based pickup from its fixed income and equity underwriting businesses , as asian companies and entrepreneurs seek fresh funding to expand their businesses . total asia-pacific income before tax came in at 234 million francs ( us $ 239.1 million ) during the quarter ending march , on net revenues of 991 million francs . pre-tax income was up a strong 59 per cent compared with a year ago , or 33 per cent on the previous quarter ( q4 , 2017 ) . asia accounted for about a quarter of the swiss institution ’s total pre-tax income , at 1.054 billion francs . “ during the first quarter , credit suisse was the adviser for alibaba ’s acquisition of a 33 per cent stake in ant financial [ alibaba ’s financial offshoot ] . “ our underwriting business was also helped by the us $ 2.3 billion convertible bond issue by china evergrande , ” said indonesian-born sitohang , for which it was one of the joint bookrunners . he now expects “ broad-based ” growth in both advisory and underwriting , adding the caveat , however , that still “ all depends on market conditions ” . the turnaround in our markets business , and growth in our private banking and advisory during the first quarter reflected increasing activities from ultra-high-net-worth individuals , companies and entrepreneurs in asia helman sitohang , credit suisse ’s ceo for asia-pacific despite what sitohang called the “ best quarterly performance ” by its wealth management and connected businesses – incorporating private banking , m &amp; a advisory , and its underwriting and financing – which fuelled 87 per cent of its asian operations on account of a 13 per cent rise in net revenue , pre-tax profit practically flatlined at 205 million francs , and dropped a tenth on q4 2017 . its asia-pacific private banking income enjoyed a robust 50 per cent rise from last quarter to 170 million francs , with asset under management growing to 199.1 billion francs . but that in turn was offset by litigation costs of 48 million francs , which sitohang refused to detail . its markets business – equities and fixed income sales and trading , and prime brokerages – swung back into profitability , with pre-tax income of 29 million francs , compared with a pre-tax loss of 54 million francs a year-ago at this stage , and a loss of 53 million francs in q4 2017 . the swiss bank is into the final year of a three-year restructuring , started in 2016 , to prioritise wealth management and cut back on its capital-intensive global markets business . the bank ’s group ceo tidjane thiam told scmp in march that the bulk of the restructuring has been completed . sitohang said on wednesday : “ the turnaround in our markets business , and growth in our private banking and advisory during the first quarter reflected increasing activities from ultra-high-net-worth individuals , companies and entrepreneurs in asia . ” credit suisse reported total group net profit of 694 million francs for the period under review , a 16 per cent rise .
" what do you do when no one is looking , " ellen degeneres once asked kanye west . his answer ? " smile . " the rapper and his smile are n't the closest of friends whenever a camera is around . if you do a quick google search , you 'll find there are far more photos out there of him making a stoic face than smiling — so much so that degeneres decided to make a game of it all . kim kardashian stopped by the show and obliged in a good-humored dig at her husband 's resting camera face in a game degeneres dubbed " is kanye happy or not happy ? " how did he look at degeneres ' birthday party ? very happy , according to kim . family photo with the kids ? debatable . during his wedding ? definitely happy . but any red carpet event , west is most likely not happy . " he hates red carpets , " kim shared . good to know . while on the show , kim divulged more about west than ever before — most importantly , she shared the fact that he ushered his new daughter , chicago , into this world with a rousing game of connect four . ( unfortunately , she did n't get to his donald trump tweets . ) kim also got incredibly candid about the messy situation between her sister khloe and tristan thompson , who was caught on camera cheating a week before welcoming their daughter . you can keep up with the kardashians , and kanye 's many moods , on ellentube.com .
you might have already heard the controversies behind gmo ’ sor genetically modified foods.along with the growing population the normal way of growing foods will not suffice the requirement of people . and this is the reason why gmo ’s are already in the market and probably in every single cart of buyers . the reason why american ’s are getting fatter is the genetically modified crops along with the long blamed processed or packaged foods . you should certainly know why and how to avoid them.studies supporting gmo and weight gain interlinkedresearches from norway supports the fact that gmo food consumption leads to weight gain . in the study , a group of rats were fed with corn that was genetically modified and other group of rats was provided with non-genetically modified corn . after 90 days the results were so clear that the rats which fed on gm corn grew fatter and also ate more and more food compared to the non-gm diet . not only that , rats which were on the gmo diet , their intestines had a different micro-structure , they were less able to digest proteins , and there were some changes to their immune system.this long term project in norway investigated the health effects of genetically modified foods . there were some startling conclusions that gmo ’s definitely played a major role in the worldwide obesity epidemic . other than this the gmo food ingredients have been also linked with allergies to cancer and organ damage in animals . by this we know that gmo definitely has the side effect of weight gain.in a perfect world such a study would launch more investigations on a wider scale with even more controlled variables , but instead , americans have been kept in the dark and continue to consume gmo ’s without regard for the many likely side effects.how to avoid gmo ’ sanything that is non-organic and more in demand should be avoided . things like corn , soy , canola , cottonseed , tomato , beets are unfortunately in demand and so they are genetically modified . instead , the lesser eaten foods like crookneck squash , hawaiian papaya and others are probably the least to be genetically modified . this is the best trick you can follow to safeguard your health.avoiding gmo ’s is actually good for youalso because avoiding foods with gmo ingredients means you ’re highly likely to avoid foods with preservatives , additives , dyes and other chemicals . it is really good to prefer a kitchen garden in your backyard . you can grow your own food and be happy about what you are consuming is chemical free . you can also go for some local markets like farmer ’s market or the whole foods to get fresh and naturally grown fruits and vegetables . and if grocery store like wal-mart is the only option you are left with , then make sure to look for one category of non-gmo ingredients to avoid at all costs.contributing to the movement for gmo freedom by voting with my wallet is also a nice added bonus . and while it can be inconvenient to avoid gmos due to their pervasiveness in our food supply , it ’s well worth the extra effort in so many ways.once you avoid the gmo foods you will definitely start to see a great improvement in your metabolism . also if proper organic diet rich in veggies are consumed , you can cut down those extra pounds on you . by constantly checking around you for ways to avoid the gmo ’s and ways to incorporate more and more organic stud will definitely help you in many ways . you are one who should take care of your health and sometimes ( especially in this case ) you should also doubt the science as well .
infinity war features about two dozen leads , including most of the avengers , all of the guardians , and a bunch of not-quite-avengers like spider-man and doctor strange . but there 's one clear breakout star among the bunch , and i think it 's pretty clear who it is . i am talking , of course , about captain america 's fugitive beard . beard has had our attention since last summer , when he debuted first in the d23 exclusive footage and then in the comic-con exclusive poster . he gained an even bigger following when the first infinity war teaser hit a few months later , actually setting records for social media buzz . beard might not have a fancy superhero moniker or a three-picture storyline devoted to his daddy issues . but he 's definitely got a superpower , and that is the ability to make this extremely handsome man ... image : zade rosenthal © marvel 2016 ... look like total crap in comparison to this even more extremely handsome man . image : film frame © marvel studios 2018without beard , cap looks like a nice cute boy who drinks milk , says " fudge " when he 's pissed , and always waits for the light to change before crossing the street . with beard , cap looks like a stone-cold badass who might break some rules if it means stopping an apocalypse . he looks like he 's got your back in battle , or during a night out on the town . he looks like someone ron swanson , james bond , and ellen ripley would all find equally impressive . he looks like he 's seen some shit and lived to never tell the tale . he looks ... hot . cap 's actually a bit behind the times , here . some of his fellow heroes have been tapping into beard 's powers for years , including thor and black panther . all of this got us thinking : which other marvel superheroes might benefit from a bit of beard 's magic ? the evidence ( by mashable art genius bob al-greene ) speaks for itself . iron man image : mashable/bob al-greenespider-man image : mashable/bob al-greeneblack widow bruce banner hulk doctor strange bucky scarlet witch loki gamora star-lord vision groot image : mashable/bob al-greenewe rest our case .
fitbit activity trackers are great for helping you stay motivated while you track your fitness goals . if you 've always wanted to get one , or if you 're in the market for an upgrade , then this amazon sale is for you . three different styles of fitbit devices are on sale today . whether you like the classic fitbit look , prefer a sleeker gadget like the fitbit alta , or you 're looking for a , these fitbit deals are sure to please . check out the fitbits you can save on today : nothing beats the classic fitbit look . the purepulse tracks your heart rate continuously and it can record any of your workout stats from running to weight lifting to biking . it also records your cardio fitness level and scores you so you can work on improving it with each exercise . save 20 % on it today . image : fitbitfitbit alta — $ 99.95 the alta is smaller and sleeker than the charge , but can still help out with your fitness goals . from step counting and calorie checks to daily movement reminders , it 's got all the trappings of an awesome fitness tracker . get it today for 23 % off . image : fitbitthis best-selling fitbit smartwatch has every inch of your workout covered . not only can it track just about any workout you perform , but it can also store and play over 300 songs so you 'll always have an epic playlist at your fingertips . you can even use apps for weather , sports , and more . image : fitbit
we need : 25 g yeast fresh or 8 g dry250 g of wheat flour120 g of rye flour25 g of flax seed25 grams of sesame1 tsp . sahara1 , 5 tsp . salt100 ml of warm milk100 ml of warm water2 tbsp . l. olive oilfor decoration : waterflax seeds and sesame seedsstep-by-step description of the recipe1 . first we prepare the sponge . in a deep bowl , combine the yeast , sugar , 50 ml of warm milk and stir to allow the yeast to dissolve in the milk .2 . then add 80 g of wheat flour from the total , mix , cover the bowl with a towel and leave in a warm place for 20 minutes .3 . in a bowl , combine the remaining flour ( 170 g ) , rye flour , salt , flax seeds , sesame seeds and mix .4 . then add the remaining 50 ml of milk , water and knead the dough . the dough should not be too dry , otherwise it will be difficult to mix gum , so if you get dry - add a little milk .5 . then add the dough and olive oil to the dough and knead the dough . it is convenient to do this in a combine with a special nozzle for the " hook " test , but you can also use your hands .6 . put the batter into a bowl , cover with a towel and leave for 1 hour in a warm place .7 . after an hour the dough will rise , you need to lightly mash it and divide it into 10 equal parts .8 . put the parchment in a parchment , put the buns on it . lubricate each bun with water and sprinkle with sesame and flax . leave for another 40 minutes . preheat the oven to 190 degrees .9 . bake buns for 15-20 minutes , until crusty .10 . then cool and serve to the first or for breakfast ! bon appetit !
did you know that there were only 16,000 animals on noah ’s ark ? there were air-breathing , land-dwelling , creeping , and winged animals , but you would n’t be able to find any sea or amphibious creatures aboard . however , we equally love all types of animals even when they look funny or ridiculous while caught at just the right moment .22 . a marshmallow-headed dog21 . “ oh you know , just tanning . ” 20 . a shiba inu dog got stuck in a bush and pretended that everything was ok .19 . “ how i look in any photo . ” 18 . a really dangerous criminal17 . if kim kardashian was a dog : 16 . when you hit your toe on a coral reef : 15 . “ do you like my new nails ? ” 14 . “ thanks for the whiskas , bro ! ” 13 . looks like something bad is about to happen ... 12 . “ my friend and i when taking a selfie . ” 11 . “ freeze ! hands up ! ” 10 . that neighbor who always knows your business : 9 . how your mom looks at you when you ’re sleeping in church : 8 . “ ganglamb ” style7 . a liquid cat6 . the floor is lava ! 5 . just look at my new legs ! 4 . “ i ’m pretty sure my neighbor ’s chicken wants to kill me . ” 3 . “ where are my worms ?! ” 2 . we ’re always as hungry as this chihuahua .1 . just do n’t look down ... bonus : a pug licking your screenwhich photo did you find to be most hilarious ? share your opinions in the comments !
tiny jars can be used as storage for small items . to easily identify the contents , you can use chalkboard paint on the lids . jars are very useful in the kitchen . use them for storing seeds , spices , flour , rice and all sorts of other things . when painting the jar with chalkboard paint you make it easily customizable . turn it into a thank you vase . the chalkboard labels let you write the name of the things you store inside and they make it easy to find what you need in the pantry . similarly , you can make chalkboard labels for the lids . this way you can see what ’s inside without having to get the jars out of their storage space . chalkboard labels are great for numerous situations . for example , they ’re great for lemonade jars and you can write your guests ’ names on them . lemonade jars with labels are perfect for large parties and even for weddings . they can be personalized and they ’re easy to make.want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
if we compare the frugal baby boomer generation to the “ treat yourself ” millennials , it ’s apparent that social , economic and technological advances have lead to significant changes in the uk ’s attitudes to spending . this is not just a meme , millenials spend a whopping fifty four percent of their disposable income on dining out , just for one example . millenials will also be spending a lot more than boomerscas on rent , although in that case it is not necessarily their fault but likely due to massive student debt . get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . millennials have been shaped by a revolution that saw technology become central to work and life . a study by kpmg found that they will make up a staggering 50 % of the global workforce by 2020 , and their spending will have a huge impact on the economic landscape . so , what does the future hold for payments in the uk ? in today 's society , making a payment needs to be instant and simple . research from sainsbury ’s bank shows that nearly a third of baby boomers carry up to £ 50 cash daily , whereas around a quarter of millennials only carry loose change . the rise of contactless payments has lead to a shift in spending and prompted reduced inhibitions around spending . it ’s clear that the lack of tangible cash has impacted consumer behaviour , with 54 % of millennials spending their disposable income on eating out . this is a stark comparison to the habits of generation x , who prefer to compare prices instore and online before making their final purchase . a steady decline in cash payments across all generations is paving the way for the uk to become a cashless society in just a few decades . the visual below highlights the key differences in spending habits and looks at what the future may hold for payments as millenialstake over .
we need : 1 chicken fillethandful of arkola6 tbsp . l. canned corn5 tbsp . l. red canned beans1 sweet pepper6 cherry tomatoes50 grams of feta cheese4 tbsp . l. olive oil3 tbsp . l. lemon juicesalt , pepper , herbs to tastea light salad with chicken and fresh vegetables is a delicious dish that is convenient to take with you , in a hermetically sealed container , at work or on the road as a snack . the recipe for making a salad is simple , the ingredients can be changed to suit your taste . everything in this salad for five balls : fast , simple , tasty , useful . . well , what else to add ? bon appetit!step - by-step description of the recipe1 . prepare the sauce - mix lemon juice and olive oil , add salt , pepper and herbs ( basil , oregano , provence herbs , thyme ) to taste .2 . chicken the fillets with salt and spices and fry on both sides on the grill pan until cooked .3 . cut the sweet peppers into small pieces , drain the beans and corn , cut the cherry tomatoes in half . feta cheese cut into cubes .4 . prepare two cans in which you will take a salad - add all the cut ingredients in layers in random order . top with some arugula and pour over the prepared sauce .5 . this salad is convenient to take for a snack or for work , as an addition to dinner . bon appetit !
production of the new jl-generation wrangler began late last year , but jeep kept churning out the old jk for a few months afterwards . on friday , the last jk wrangler , a white rubicon unlimited , rolled off the line at jeep 's toledo , ohio plant and into fiat chrysler 's collection . this car caps jk wrangler production at an incredible 2,165,678 units since it debuted in 2006 . jeep that the last jk wrangler is a four-door is quite appropriate . as great stories from jalopnik and automotive news separately point out , the four-door unlimited helped transform the wrangler from niche offering to one of jeep 's most popular products . with the addition of rear doors , the wrangler was suddenly a practical car in the eyes of tons of buyers . sales of the jk just kept adding up over its 12-year production run , with us sales peaking in 2015 with over 200,000 units . seeing sales like that years into a car 's life is highlyunusual in this business , and a lot of that is thanks to the four-door , and speciality models like the rubicon which kept things fresh . all that , plus the rugged appeal of the wrangler.jeep the jk wrangler is a big part of why jeep is one of fiat chrysler 's crown jewels today , and the admittedly much improved jl looks to continue where the jk left off.jeep now that jk production has ended at toledo , jeep is retooling the factory for the arrival of the wrangler pickup . jeep says production of the wrangler pickup will begin in early 2019 , and we expect to see it make its debut late this year .
we need : 6 tangerines5 stalks of celerylettuce leaves50 g of almonds400 g chicken fillet4 tbsp . l. home-made mayonnaise200 g of cheese1 bunch of cilantroa couple drops of tabasco hot saucesalt , pepper , spices to tasteunusual , unusual , but very tasty salad , which combines the sweet taste of mandarin and roasted chicken meat . it seems to me that this salad is well prepared in the winter , when all the shops and markets smelled of mandarins and the atmosphere of the holiday is in the air . mandarins , new year and delicious aromatic salad , smelling of the holiday . try to cook this light dish and it will become an ornament of your festive table!step - by-step description of the recipe1 . lightly oil the chicken fillet with olive oil , rub it with salt , pepper and fry in a grill pan on both sides until cooked and ruddy . cut into small pieces of celery . celery pour boiling water for 30 seconds , then drain the water and put the celery in a bowl .2 . put salad leaves in a bowl . cut chicken into pieces of the same size as celery . put in a bowl . remove the tangerines from the tapes , cut and put into a bowl . add chopped cheese cubes . lightly fry the almonds in a pan and lay them out to the rest of the ingredients .3 . season the salad with mayonnaise ( preferably homemade ) , salt and pepper to taste , add crushed cilantro and a couple drops of hot sauce . mix .4 . serve a delicious and juicy salad with chicken and tangerines ! bon appetit !
prince louis is n't the only royal baby in europe . on saturday , princess madeleine and her husband chris o'neill shared two adorable photos of the newest swedish royal : little princess adrienne.erika gerdemark/royal court " thank you for all the kindness that has been shown to us on the birth of our youngest daughter adrienne ! " princess madeleine shared on facebook and instagram.erika gerdemark/royal court princess adrienne was born on march 9 at danderyd hospital near stockholm . her name was announced just a few days later . she is the third child of princess madeline and o'neill , who were married in june of 2013 , and the seventh grandchild of king carl xvi gustaf and queen silvia . " we are delighted with the new addition to our family , " o'neill said in a statement at the time of adrienne 's birth . " leonore and nicolas are looking very much forward to finally meeting their new little sister . " madeleine 's parents are also " delighted " with their new grandchild . " we are delighted about the arrival of princess madeleine and mr christopher o'neill 's third child , and are grateful that everything has gone well for mother and child . now we look very much forward to getting to know the new family member ! " shortly after her new daughter 's arrival , princess madeleine joined instagram , and has been sharing candids of the royal family . see a few of those photos below :
david and victoria beckham are supportive parents . they 're willing to go the extra mile to be there for their kids , even when that means offering themselves up as guinea pigs for their hobbies . harper , who is six-and-a-half-years-old , has gotten into makeup and that means makeovers for david and victoria and adorable instagram stories for the rest of us . behold . victoria closed her eyes and sat , totally serene , as harper painted a giant purple circle on her forehead ( clearly this is the next instagram beauty trend ) . " future makeup artist ? " the mom/amazing sport captioned the picture . in a second snap of the makeover session , victoria spilled harper 's inspiration — the emoji cat . “ so creative !!! ” she captioned the second image . “ harper wants to turn me into the emoji cat ! ” not to be outdone , dad david also took a seat in harper 's makeup chair for a beauty session . the six-year-old proceeded to bedazzle her father 's famous face with leopard spots and glitter because she has a vision and she 's not afraid to see it through . obviously , harper has a future in professional makeup if that 's the path she wants to take . wisely , however , she 's not tying herself to one specific career just yet . she 's also considering going into the family business and becoming a fashion designer like her mom . yes , she already has a portfolio , and yes , it 's adorable . victoria also showed off her 13-year-old son cruz 's talent on instagram , with a video of him singing that actually makes us wonder when he 'll release a single . talent of all kinds clearly runs in the family .
folk recipes with flaxseed seeds have long been used to effectively lose weight . how to prepare healing infusions that will help not only lose weight , but also raise immunity?flax seeds are used to lose weight in different ways . it is added to food , consumed as a powder or cooked on its basis of useful drinks . daily rate of product - 1-2 tablespoons when using seeds or powder from it , you need to drink as much liquid as possible.to prepare the infusion , place 1 tbsp . seed of flax into a thermos , pour boiling water and let stand for several hours . take the infusion 3 times a day ( for half an hour to the main meals ) at 100 ml.how to make a decoction of flaxseed ? 1 tablespoon seed pour 1 tbsp . boil water , put on a water bath and warm up for 30 minutes . then let the broth indulge , strain . take 100 ml in 30 minutes before the main meals.laxatives are often used in weight loss regimens . you can prepare a lazy teaspoon of flax . before bedtime brew 1 tsp put the seeds with a glass of boiling water , let it brew . after 30 minutes , drink the infusion and eat the thicket.if glucose levels in blood drastically change , there is a sense of hunger . during a diet , this can lead to a breakdown . a remedy based on flax seeds will help prevent the problem . combine 1 part of flax seed , blueberries , beans , straw of oats . measure 3 tablespoons mix , add 3 tbsp . hot water . cook on low heat for 15 minutes . take it in 100 ml 3 times a day ( between meals ) .
jeff bezos ’ space company , blue origin , has successfully completed the latest test flight of its fully reusable new shepard launch system – bringing them one step closer to bringing private citizens into suborbital space . the launch of the blue origin system – named new shepard – took place from the company ’s west texas launch site at 1:06 pm edt . the craft reached an altitude of 347485 feet , the highest flight it has reached to date – before returning back to earth with a successful landing . new shepard is ordinarily designed to reach an altitude of 62 miles , and managed to surpass that goal by a decent margin by reaching a height of 66 miles – making it the highest distance it has managed to travel thus far , and blazing past the kármán line — the widely accepted boundary between earth ’s atmosphere and outer space . the rocket takes off and lands vertically by using boosters , just as we saw with spacex ’s falcon rockets , and this test flight was carrying a passenger capsule carrying a test dummy – known as mannequin skywalker . it was also carrying research payloads from nasa , the german aerospace center , and other commercial customers . this new shepard launch is the most recent of private space launches that are starting to blur the lines between governmental agencies and businesses that have set their sights on space . while space travel was previously reserved for agencies like nasa , companies like spacex – and now blue origin – have proven that it ’s possible to make space travel efficient and economical given enough resources and talent . the new shepard launch brings blue origin one step closer to their goal of making space tourism a feasible option . the capsule being carried by new shepard managed to land successfully after detaching from the top of the rocket and deploying parachutes – making the eighth flight of the system since its first launch , back in 2015 , a resounding success . this was the second test of the newly redesigned rocket and capsule – a redesign that has seemed to pay off . blue origin has stated that they will likely not be taking passengers into outer space aboard the new shepard until 2019 , but they have already outlined what passengers who would like a trip into space have to look forward to . when the spacecraft launches , passengers will experience two minutes of vertical ascent – after which the capsule , carrying up to six people at the time , will detach from the rocket and launch into outer space . at this point , passengers will experience weightlessness and will be able to see the curvature of the earth through large windows – the largest windows of any spacecraft to date , in fact . after about four minutes in outer space , the new shepard capsule will re-enter earth and descend to the surface before landing – a process that is entirely automated . in addition to turning a profit through space tourism , new shepard will also be available for hire by governments and private businesses in order to carry out experiments . as mentioned above , the most recent launch carried experiments from a number of different agencies – allowing the test flight to play double duty by delivering equipment that can investigate the effects of microgravity on gene expression and test the ability to provide commercial wifi access to users in space . jeff bezos founded blue origin back in 2000 with the goal of bringing humanity into outer space while continuing to drive down prices . only in the past few years has space travel started to become somewhat economical , and we ’re a long way off from the average person being able to take a trip into space , but companies like blue origin and spacex are proving that the dream of expanding outside of the reaches of our own planet may be a real possibility . in addition to the new shepard launch , blue origin is also working on a heavy-lift orbital rocket known as new glenn – a project which is set to launch in 2020 . while 2019 and 2020 may seem a decent way off at this point , it ’s actually quite a short time in terms of space travel . with spacex planning to send a man to mars within the next couple of years as well , we could see our understanding of and reach into the rest of our universe expand quite drastically within just a few years . hopefully the blue origin mission goes off without a hitch , allowing those with the resources to experience the magic of weightlessness and a view of our planet that precious few will be able to see .
five months after a life-threatening car accident , lady frederick windsor — the wife of lord frederick windsor , and the daughter-in-law of the queen 's first cousin prince michael — is speaking out about the traumatic crash , and how the royal family supported her during her period of recuperation . lady windsor , an actress who also goes by her maiden name , sophie winkleman , was nearly paralyzed by the accident , which took place in november 0f 2017 , as she was driving away from the set of the american series trust about john paul getty iii 's kidnapping . in the show , she plays the role of margot . lord and lady frederick windsor in 2012 " it 's very strange , when something huge happens to your body , you do n't immediately feel the pain , " she says a new interview with hello . " i felt lots of warmth and a strange kind of serenity . i felt like my soul was rising up and seeing everything … yes , i did expect to die . it was extraordinary . " in the piece , lady windsor reveals that she spent several weeks recovering from her injuries , which included a broken back . during that time the prince of wales gave her a " magnificently practical " gift . " prince charles sensed correctly that everything would be chaos at home , so he asked his cook , instead of taking care of him , to take care of us , " she says . " so , our lunches and dinners were cooked at clarence house then delivered for weeks on end while i was in hospital and then still disabled at home . " lady windsor also shares that the duke of cambridge called to look after her . " i heard from pretty much every member of freddie 's family , i was spoiled to bits by them , " she shares .
a hong kong court on monday dismissed a street singer ’s judicial review application challenging a government decision to cut the opening hours of a mong kok pedestrian zone popular with performers . the high court ’s decision effectively dashed street singers ’ hopes they could perform there more often and inject energy into a shopping precinct popular with tourists . in his judgment , mr justice thomas au hing-cheung said that all three of singer tony lui yuet-tin ’s grounds for judicial review had failed . up until january 2014 , there was a scheme in place to close off the zone at sai yeung choi street south to traffic from mondays to saturdays from 4 pm to 10 pm so singers and other artists could perform , giving the area a uniquely hong kong feel . the zone was also closed to vehicles on sundays and general holidays from noon to 10 pm . but officials amended the scheme after january 2014 so that the area remained open to traffic from monday to friday , meaning singers such as lui could only perform in the pedestrian zone during weekends and general holidays . in his application , lui argued the government ’s 2014 decision was unlawful as the commissioner for transport did not take into account the impact of the policy change on traffic and the safety of pedestrians in the zone . but au said in the judgment the transport department had already carried out traffic and pedestrian impact assessments . “ in assessing the impact on pedestrian flow , [ a department employee ] reviewed the related traffic censuses about pedestrian flow of the streets conducted since october 2008 , ” the judgment read . lui said officials took into account a public consultation that was conducted improperly . he also argued the commissioner had abdicated his decision-making power by rubber-stamping suggestions from the district council ’s traffic and transport committee , as well as yau tsim mong district office . he failed to convince the court with these two grounds as well . in a 2014 interview with the post , lui said he had been playing music in the zone since 2010 and attracted a number of fans . with the government ’s decision which effectively cut his time to play music in the zone , he said he had suffered financially . lam fat , a band member who had been performing in the pedestrian zone for seven years , said he had no problems not being able to play music there on weekdays because the noise would affect residents and shops . but he said what needed to be sorted out was that police had told performers like him to stop playing because of the noise level even when the area was closed off to cars . “ there were cases when some people complained to police about those performing next to us , and we got kicked out too . ”
almost 9 per cent more travellers visited hong kong this march compared with the same period a year ago , and more of them stayed overnight , underlining further improvements in the city ’s tourism sector . the city received 4.99 million visitors in march , up 8.9 per cent , and three quarters of them – 3.66 million – were from mainland china , according to figures released by the city ’s tourism board on monday . the number of mainland visitors jumped 10.1 per cent when compared with march last year . some 2.3 million of the total arrivals stayed overnight in hong kong , up 6.5 per cent from march 2017 . among them , about 1.4 million were mainland visitors . the figures suggested more mainland tourists returned to the city as the legacy of anti-mainland sentiments from about three years ago has died down . at that time , the number of mainland visitors was so large that many hongkongers fought with them for daily necessities such as baby milk formula and infant diapers . legislator yiu si-wing , who represents the tourism sector , while remaining optimistic about the outlook of the sector , noted that only 46 per cent of the visitors chose to spend a night or more in the city . “ over half of the visitors just came to hong kong for a one-day trip . that probably showed that our hotels are too expensive , ” said yiu , who urged the government to zone more land to build hotels in the future . he also urged officials to develop more tourist destinations to attract more visitors to stay longer in the city . the march improvements followed an exceptional boost in visitor numbers in february , when the city saw a 26.3 per cent growth in visitor arrivals , compared to a year ago , thanks to the lunar new year , which fell in the middle of february this year . for the first three months , hong kong received 15.61 million visitors , an increase of 9.6 per cent from the same period in 2017 . in 2014 , a record 60.8 million visitors came to the city . last year , the total number of visitors was 58.4 million . meanwhile , alice chan cheung lok-yee , executive director of the travel industry council , said that in recent years more mainlanders chose to visit hong kong through the mainland ’s individual visit scheme . under the liberalisation measure , mainlanders can visit the city in their individual capacity without having to join group tours or obtain a business visa . she urged travel agencies to introduce more programmes to lure visitors to sign up for package tours . “ package tours should still be attractive to those clients who are more price-sensitive , ” chan said .
the author of this article has a short position in noble we all know that noble and its partners in crimes several times wiped out their credit and equity depositors . how this time is it different ? get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . in september 2017 noble posted a -1.8 b losses only 3 months after wildrik de blank ( mr. noble treasury ) issued noble 8.75 % 2022 ( 750m usd ) . that ’s his record . the lead manager book runner was ing bank n.v. they made flat fees in this operation regardless of if noble had or had n’t any valid business . the new noble is no different : it ’s the same trader with no business except that now they have a plan which is implicitly crafted to ensure noble can default on perpetuity ( … ) and they will . shell games . the banks and the management made enormeous fees when noble built up assets and = &gt; spread the losses of the old assets into new assets . this also worked in reverse = &gt; when the market unwind wilfrik de blank ’s financial hoodoo . how this time is it different ? noble is shifting empty shells and ing and db will make a 100-150m usd flat fee . article by the noble files
photo : adam clark coping with the end of a season you love is one of life 's biggest challenges , especially for skiers . winter is our best time of year -- full of friends , fond memories , questionable decisions , and deep powder snow . often , the pain of rising temperatures and melting snow can feel overwhelming . as warmth returns to your fingers , your shin bang starts to heal , your toes are no longer falling off , and your knees gradually re-lubricate themselves , you may experience a range of difficult and unexpected emotions ; from shock or anger to disbelief , guilt , and profound sadness . these emotions are cyclical , resurfacing during this time every year , which can lead some of you to feel like this pain is bound to happen again and again and again . we understand . the pain of having to hang up your skis can also disrupt your physical health , making it difficult to sleep in your own bed , eat ( foods other than meats , cheeses or beer ) , or even think straight . returning to a regular schedule of bathing can also be troublesome to navigate and can lead to feelings of confusion . perhaps you ’ve grown a beard and find yourself unrecognizable after shaving for the first time ( you too , ladies ) . these are normal reactions to the end of winter . but while there is no right or wrong way to grieve , there are healthy ways for skiers to cope with this change of season . these tips can help ease your sadness and help you come to terms with the loss of winter , find new meaning for your life , and reemerge as a productive member of society again -- until next fall . find a supportive community : grief caused by the loss of winter can often lead us to feel alone and isolated . you are not alone . while the end of winter occurs at different times throughout the northern hemisphere ( and might not happen here or here ) , it happens to everyone . turn to your friends and family members for support . now is the time to lean on those who best understand your grief -- your bartender , the seasoned lifty , your local ski tech . by engaging in open and honest dialogue about your feelings at this time , you can help each other overcome the obstacle of grieving the end of another ski season . take time for self care : when you 're grieving , it 's more important than ever to take care of yourself -- especially considering the crap you put your body through over the past five to six months . you 've slept on floors , dirty couches , in the back of your car ; you have n't eaten well ; you 've certainly over-served yourself on one or seven occasions ; not to mention the sheer brutality of actually skiing . you deserve a break , a chance to let your mind reset , your body to heal , your liver to dry out . only then can you truly process the changes at hand and let yourself feel your feelings . do n't be afraid to express those feelings by posting a #tbt powder shot on instagram captioned with a john muir quote ( some do ’s and do n’ts ) and make sure to tag the close friends you probably wo n’t talk to again until the first snow of 2018 . do n't let anyone tell you how to feel -- your grief is your own and no one but you knows when you 're ready to " move on " from skiing . it 's okay to cry , shout , or even laugh . try subscribing to the skier ’s magazine for some solace . additionally , keep an eye out for emotional triggers that could upset you . if seeing your skis by the door in the heat of july will bother you , plan ahead and store them out of sight . think reaching into your pocket to find the crust of a chairlift sammie ( or the crust of a ‘ roach ) could set you off ? make sure you empty your jacket pockets sooner instead of later . seek professional help : the sadness of a changing season never goes away completely , but it should n't paralyze you from enjoying off-season activities you love , like rollerblading . however , sometimes the loss of winter , especially one filled with powder days like this , is so severe , you may need to seek outside help in coping . do n't be embarrassed or ashamed -- the bond you share with skiing powder snow is deep and meaningful . we suggest finding the oldest , saltiest , most weathered skier you know , someone experienced in coping with these changes for 60-plus years , and let them know you ’re struggling . skiers help skiers . stay hopeful : the bleakness of summer may seem imminent now , but fear not -- winter will return again . it ’s just on the horizon , really . and just think -- on your last day of skiing , just remember -- only 364 more days until next year ’s closing day .
like so many artists these days , olivia cella got her start several years ago by posting covers on youtube . long since the days of cheesy music videos , cella is making her latest debut in her music video for “ missing u. ” olivia cella shows us how much she ’s “ missing u ” ( so call her back ) . besides showing us the beauty of living in california with warm beach walks and sunny days , cella is bringing it back to your first break up . days where life was n’t so bad until that first experience of heartbreak where life feels like it ’s crashing down , cella captures that perfectly . cella takes you through her relationship in the video for “ missing u. ” alongside actor tariq brown , the video flashes back to the happy point in their relationship . from smiling and laughing on sidewalks to a fun day at a carnival , everything looks to be fine . however , cella ’s raw delivery in the breakup shows how true her words are . the pop-focused track perfectly showcases cella ’s maturing vocals . from her early covers on youtube , the full instrumentation and growth in vocal maturity show how much she ’s grown and matured as a musician in only a few years . while there is n’t a complete story as to what inspired the single yet , cella will share that in a second single , “ us2 , ” out this summer . if you do n’t know of olivia cella , now is a perfect time . the determined , curious , and self-confident singer has been working to define her style since a young age . from modeling at a young age to taking voice and acting lessons with nyc ’s top coaches , cella has been in and out of the spotlight for years . from modeling campaigns in ralph lauren to being a member of tween pop group ps dolls , she ’s proving herself to everyone she ’s around . creating a name for herself via youtube , cella has been posing covers and music videos gaining subscribers and hundreds of views daily . her popular covers have given her the chance to record original songs that she is eager to share with her fans .
roland buck iii is usually pretty serious . after all , almost every time the 30-year-old actor is on tv , it 's in a series like chicago med , on which he plays a newbie medical resident in a windy city emergency room , or the long road home , in a role as a solider during a deadly battle in baghdad — until now . this week , buck is starring as a groom-to-be in the week of , a very funny new netflix movie about two somewhat dysfunctional families in the seven days leading up to a wedding . and he had his work cut out for him ; buck holds his own alongside costars chris rock , adam sandler , and rachel dratch . here , he talks to t &amp; c about the unbelievable way he landed the part , and which of the other actors made it impossible for him to keep a straight face on film . you ’ve been doing serious work on shows like chicago med and the long road home . how ’d you end up in a comedy with some of the funniest people in film?i was in texas filming the long road home and my agent sent me the script and asked if i wanted to audition for it . i was like , of course ! then i put myself on tape and sent it in and forgot about it . two weeks later , they called and asked about my availability for a meeting with the director — but it would be a skype interview because they were n’t flying people to new york . i wanted to be in that room , though so i paid for my own ticket and flew out there . a week later , i got the part . so , that plane ticket was worth it . absolutely . my motto is to always bet on yourself . chris rock and adam sandler in the week of . macall polay/netflix we ’ve seen you in mostly dramatic roles before . were you confident enough in being funny to go up alongside people like chris rock ? i like to play around , i ’m the kind of guy who likes comic relief in his life as well . the thing about this movie is that it ’s funny because it ’s situational — everyone can relate to the stress of a wedding or having a crazy family member . that ’s what makes it work . i just wanted to come to set every day and be a sponge , you know and just absorb everything so whatever they tossed at me , i could hit it back . there ’s a wide range of comedy going on in the movie — there are big jokes and small jokes and physical comedy , too . what was the most difficult to make it through without laughing ? there ’s an engagement dinner scene . where chris rock ’s character has gone all out for this dinner and he just starts laying into some family members . luckily the camera was off of some of us who were cracking up . we just turned our heads and tried to stay as silent as possible , but he ’s a genius . roland buck iii benjo arwas the third season chicago med is still running , but when it comes to taking on your next role , will you keep an eye toward something funny ? i love comedy , i definitely want to continue doing comedic roles . drama is great , but it can be emotionally draining . and i would love to work with adam again — if i ever got the opportunity , i would jump on that quick .
prince william may have just become a father for the third time , but he ca n’t rest on his laurels just yet - his brother , prince harry , has just named him as his best man when he marries meghan markle . in a tweet on thursday kensington palace revealed the wedding would be a family affair , saying : “ prince harry has asked his brother the duke of cambridge to be his best man at his wedding to ms. meghan markle . ” the announcement was accompanied by several photos of the brothers . the news will come as no surprise to some , as prince harry was best man to prince william when he married kate middleton in 2011 . kensington palace confirmed the duke of cambridge is “ honoured to have been asked ” , adding that he is “ is very much looking forward to supporting his brother at st george ’s chapel , windsor on may 19th ” . having one designated best man actually goes against royal tradition . long-standing royal commentator richard fitzwilliams previously told huffpost uk : “ in the past , royal grooms have been allowed to choose two supporters - the equivalent of two best men . “ when prince charles married diana in st paul ’s , he had his brothers edward and andrew . ”
espn ’s three-day presentation of the 2018 nfl draft ( rounds 1-7 ) averaged a 1.9 household rating and 2,906,000 viewers over the nearly 15 hours across espn , espn2 , espn deportes and abc , according to nielsen . note : the nfl draft audience is likely to grow by eight percent once all streaming and out-of-home audiences are included , based on espn ’s new nielsen total audience measurement . the top 10 metered markets : columbus ( 4.4 ) , new orleans ( 4.2 ) , cleveland ( 3.9 ) , buffalo , cincinnati , birmingham and norfolk ( 3.5 ) , dayton ( 3.3 ) , oklahoma city and atlanta ( 3.1 ) . host city dallas-ft . worth delivered a 2.4 . round 1 : espn , espn2 and espn deportes combined to deliver 5,473,000 viewers for round 1 , according to nielsen . coverage peaked from 8:30-9 p.m. ( between picks 4-8 ) with 6,420,000 viewers . of the multiple networks carrying the nfl draft on thursday night , espn was the most-watched with an average audience of 5,336,000 viewers . additionally , day 1 of the nfl draft helped espn win the night across all cable and broadcast networks among key male and adult demos ( 18-34 , 18-49 , 25-54 ) . rounds 2-3 : espn and espn2 delivered an average audience of 1,678,000 viewers for rounds 2-3 , according to nielsen . espn.com and the espn app recorded their most-trafficked day for nfl content since the final sunday of the 2017 nfl regular season . rounds 4-7 : espn and abc combined to deliver 2,249,000 viewers on saturday for rounds 4-7 , according to nielsen , which is an increase of 40 percent vs. the 2017 telecast on espn . it was the most-viewed day 3 across all networks in nfl draft history .
overstock.com knows the days are long gone when people would call or email about problems with its products or service . that ’s why the online retailer now converses with its customers most frequently through text messages . since rolling out a new customer service channel based on text messaging in december , overstock.com has seen a 98 percent open rate when communicating with people through texts , according to the company . that ’s a significant improvement in overstock.com ’s ability to reach and help customers , since the company ’s email open rates average between percentages in the single digits and low teens , said tyler cook , product management and development executive at overstock.com . “ sms is a form of communication we use naturally in our day-to-day lives , ” he said . “ people get a ton of email , so it tends to get lost in people ’s inbox , and they wo n’t respond to it . we are finding texting has more success . ” overstock.com , which sees 30 million unique visitors a month , uses quiq text messaging software to inform its customers that their order has shipped and arrived , or that a package is late , will be returned or replaced . from overstock.com ’s mobile site , app or customer service line provided online , people can text the company ’s roughly 500 customer service associates 24/7 about concerns — or anything they want . “ they can say , ‘ hey , i found this really cool couch on your website , but i do n’t know which lamp i want it to go with , ’ and we ’ll give them suggestions , ” said cook . “ or , if someone wants to do a return , we ’ll help them there . we ’ll service them just like with a normal phone call . ” since the feature rolled out , overstock.com has received 14 percent fewer phone calls , according to cook . cook believes this is because texting puts the timing of service in the customer ’s hands . “ with text messaging , someone can start a conversation at 9 in the morning and come back to it whenever they want , and we can pick it up from there , ” he said . “ we do n’t have to start the entire conversation over again . ” the company also saves money with the feature because it reduces the number of hours needed to help customers , cook said . with texting , one customer service rep can help seven people in the same amount of time that it might take to help one person over the phone , he said . overstock.com is n’t cutting the number of its customer service reps , though . instead , the company is allocating the time saved to other operational tasks such as ensuring packages are shipped correctly , which will help the overall customer experience , said cook . eventually , overstock.com plans to use texting for more than customer service . in the “ near future , ” the company said it will use texts to send promotions and offers for products it sells online .
" what do you do when no one is looking , " ellen degeneres once asked kanye west . his answer ? " smile . " the rapper and his smile are n't the closest of friends whenever a camera is around . if you do a quick google search , you 'll find there are far more photos out there of him making a stoic face than smiling — so much so that degeneres decided to make a game of it all.kim kardashian stopped by the show and obliged in a good-humored dig at her husband 's resting camera face in a game degeneres dubbed " is kanye happy or not happy ? " how did he look at degeneres ' birthday party ? very happy , according to kim . family photo with the kids ? debatable . during his wedding ? definitely happy . but any red carpet event , west is most likely not happy . " he hates red carpets , " kim shared . good to know . while on the show , kim divulged more about west than ever before — most importantly , she shared the fact that he ushered his new daughter , chicago , into this world with a rousing game of connect four . ( unfortunately , she did n't get to his donald trump tweets . ) kim also got incredibly candid about the messy situation between her sister khloe and tristan thompson , who was caught on camera cheating a week before welcoming their daughter . you can keep up with the kardashians , and kanye 's many moods , on ellentube.com . want more clever culture writing beamed directly to your inbox ? sign up here for the twice-weekly click click click newsletter . it 's fun – we promise .
if the world is going to end , why not have it be for a ridiculous , insane reason ? like , say , building nuclear power plants on top of a barge and sending it floating up to the arctic ? well , that one ’s real . if you wanted to panic now , we would n’t blame you . on saturday , russia launched akademik lomonosov , the world ’s first floating nuclear power plant , out of the st. petersburg shipyard . it ’s currently being towed to murmansk , a port town in northwest russia , where it will be loaded up with fuel ; its destination is a town in the arctic circle called pevek , where it will begin generating power in the summer of 2019 , according to the independent . the power plant has no propulsion of its own , but is being towed up north to avoid the steep cost of shipping it by land piece by piece to remote areas . once it ’s there , it will provide electricity to a town of 100,000 people . the lomonosov will also power oil and gas mining rigs — now that global warming has opened up new shipping routes and access to fossil fuels in what used to be impassable parts of the arctic , russia is deploying more resources to take advantage . once it arrives , the reactor will replace the bilibino nuclear power plant and chaunskaya coal power plant , which were built in 1974 and 1961 , respectively . nuclear power , though cleaner and arguably a better option for our warming planet than the coal plan that lomonosov will replace , is still a risky business . and put that on a boat , which , unlike a nuclear submarine , is exposed to the weather conditions of the arctic ? it feels risky to say the least . critics have dubbed the project “ floating chernobyl ” and “ nuclear titanic . ” rosatom , the government-owned russian energy company that developed the lomonosov , released a statement saying that the floating reactor will be “ invincible ” to tsunamis and other natural disasters , and that it has met all the requirements of the international atomic energy agency . the company argues that they have rendered lomonosov harmless to the environment . yet for some reason activist groups , as well as the governments of norway and sweden have n’t been reassured that a big-ass , freely-floating nuclear reactor will be safe . the same goes for the oil mining operations , which have a tendency to leak , polluting the delicate ( and already threatened ) arctic ecosystem . the stakes are high , and surely rosatom has every incentive to get this right — should something go wrong , years of expensive planning and testing go down the toilet , along with any fossil fuel mining operations that the plant would have powered . oh and , you know , the widespread devastation that would result from a nuclear accident in the already-threatened arctic ecosystem , and everywhere else the irradiated ocean water may travel . fingers crossed everything goes the way rosatom says it will , and not the way an apocalyptic film might .
the thread that makes your bond the strongest has only been addressed briefly in the forgoing . can you guess which one it is?it is your connection with allāh mighty and majestic!to establish this connection , you have to have the noble qualities of taqwā ( piety and fear of allāh ) and tawakkul ( reliance on him ) in you.be abundant in du ’ ā ( supplication ) asking him to bless your marriage , to keep your marriage safe from every calamity – whether big or small , and to make it easy for you and your spouse to follow the mubārak ( blessed ) sunnāh of the prophet ( nabi ) muhammad ( allāh bless him and grant him peace ) . in conclusion here are two points of advice , for those who wish to embark on the journey of marriage that will facilitate all of the forgoing insha allāh : the spouse : choose a spouse who has taqwā ( piety and fear of allāh ) . to have such a spouse you have got to develop this quality in you . it is then that allah will open ways for you to have such a spouse.the wedding : do you want blessings and barakāh to be showered in your marriage ? do you want to have true love between you and your spouse flourishing throughout your married life ? it is very easy and the least expensive : have the wedding the sunnāh way ! if you have a lavish wedding where commands of allāh are violated openly and without any reservations and where the sunnāh of his beloved messenger ( allāh bless him and grant him peace ) are nothing more than mere ‘ window dressing ’ then there is no guarantee whatsoever that your marriage will last long and if it does then it will be void of the barakāh and the blessings .
islam is the complete code of life . according to islam family makes up the society . the family is formed of man and woman and it is extended by producing children . after getting married it ’s the responsibility of the husband to take care of his wife in all aspects . every muslim must realize that one ’s spouse is first and foremost on another . it ’s the duty of all muslims that they should give respect to one another . husband and wife have been greater rights upon each other because they have to live together.husband and wife should strive to make one another happy and take into consideration the needs , abilities , and weaknesses of the other . our beloved prophet ( ﷺ ) advised the husbands to treat their wives in the best way . this is clear in the following hadith : “ the best of you is the best of you to their family and i am the best of you to my family . ” in another hadith holy prophet ( ﷺ ) said : “ i entreat you to treat women well for they have been created from a rib and the most curved part of a rib is the upper part . if you insist on straightening it , you will break it . if you leave it , it will remain curved . so , i entreat you to treat women well . ” ( bukhari ) in holy quran , allah almighty says : “ and of his signs are that he created for you from yourselves mates that you may find tranquility in them , and he placed between you affection and mercy . indeed in that are signs for a people who give thought ” ( quran , 30:21 ) . below we will discuss some basic rights of wives upon her husband or you can say duties of the husband for their wives.to feed her , spend upon her in a way that allah almighty commanded in holy quran . in one of hadith prophet muhammad ( ﷺ ) said : ‘ give charity . ’ a man said : ‘ o messenger of allah , i have a dinar . ’ he said : ‘ spend it on yourself . ’ he said : ‘ i have another . ’ he said : ‘ spend it on your wife . ’ he said : ‘ i have another . ’ he said : ‘ spend it on your son . ’ he said : ‘ i have another . ’ he said : ‘ spend it on your servant . ’ he said : ‘ i have another . ’ he said : ‘ you know best ( what to do with it ) . ” ( sunan an-nasa ’ i ) give dowry to wife . in holy quran allah most high says about the right of dowry in these words : “ and give women their dowries as a gift . then , if they are pleased to give some of it to you , consume it with good health and enjoyment . ” ( quran , 4:4 ) support is one of the most important rights of the wife over her husband . allah almighty says in holy quran : “ … and upon the father is the mother ’s sustenance and her clothing according to what is reasonable . no person shall have a burden on him greater than he can bear … ” ( quran , 2:233 ) it ’s the duty of the husband to be kind to her and to not harm her . prophet ( ﷺ ) said in one of his hadith : “ the perfect man in his faith among the believers is the one whose behavior is most excellent , and the best of you are those who are the best to their wives . ” ( tirmidhi ) a husband should not expose the secrets of his wife . the messenger of allah ( ﷺ ) said : “ the wicked among the people in the eye of allah on the day of judgment is the man who goes to his wife and she comes to him , and then he divulges her secret . ” ( sahih muslim ) the man must not curse or swear at his wife or insult her appearance.a man should not hate his wife . allah ’s messenger ( ﷺ ) said : “ a believer must not hate ( his wife ) believing woman ; if he dislikes one of her characteristics he will be pleased with another ” . ( muslim ) in short , it is proven that islam gives women enough rights as a religion , it is then up to us , as men , to further their rights and help them attain the level of equality they deserve . may allah almighty give us the strength to live our lives according to islamic teachings !
the family of rowan atkinson lives in a country house built in the xviii century , not far from oxford . rowan and sanetra have two children , lily 's daughter and ben 's son . beyond television screens , rowan atkinson leads a quiet and solitary life . he hates the light and tries to hide her private life from journalists . rowan first appeared with his wife only at the premiere of the feature film " bean " and only this time allowed her to photograph . perhaps , as the press writes , was afraid to sunetra stick to the nickname of " mrs. bean " ? rowan atkinson , as a true briton , adheres to the classical rule : " my house is my fortress . " near his house there is a wonderful garden and flower garden ( flowers and plants , by the way , rowan atkinson was interested since childhood – no wonder he is the son of a farmer ) . and another great hobby rowan atkinson – sports cars . yes , in the life of " mr. bean " not so drove-incompetent , as his character . he collects expensive cars and take pleasure in taking part in the racing . still he from time to time writes articles for the large automobile edition “ car ” . cars-in general a separate part of his life . sanetra even takes offense on spouse , when the too much time is receiving to his " fleet . " " the most pleasant company for him , not me , and the machine " - she complains . but tell me , is n't every second man is inclined to behave similarly ? that does n't stop rowan atkinson from being a good husband and father . kids really like to see dad on the screen , especially after rowan was in a chocolate commercial .
as theresa and larry caputo deal with the fallout of their separation , theresa shared on long island medium sunday night that their kids are also feeling the effects of the split . larry jr. and victoria have n't been seen on the show for quite some time , but theresa told her producers that there are several reasons why they do n't show up any more . " in all fairness , i mean , look our lives are all so different , " theresa said on the show . " when we started long island medium , little larry just graduated college , victoria just graduated high school . you know , they 're growing up . larry lives in the city now . victoria now too . " victoria went to beauty school and , according to her instagam , she is now working at a salon in syosset , new york as a balayage specialist . she also occasionally works as a makeup artist . larry jr. works as a visiting scheduling supervisor at msg networks , according to his linkedin profile . theresa also shared that larry jr. and victoria are still coming to terms with their parents ' separation , which is something that has been hard on them . " especially with this , it 's uncomfortable and it 's hard for my kids . they do n't want to even talk about it with me , period , " she said . " they know that they can come to larry and i , you know , if they ever want to talk about it . [ we ] kind of just left it in their hands . " according to theresa , victoria has traveled to visit larry in california , and he still continues to talk with the kids every day . in the episode , victoria and larry jr. played trampoline dodgeball with theresa , so they 're also having some family time with their mother .
“ we were under great pressure , far beyond our ability to endure , so that we despaired of life itself . as it turned out , it was the best thing that could have happened . instead of trusting in our own strength or wits to get out of it , we were forced to trust god totally — not a bad idea since he ’s the god who raises the dead ! ” 2 corinthians 1:8-9 , niv/msgsome of you have had some goals and dreams that you ’ve been striving , seeking , working , hustling , hurrying for year after year after year , and you have n’t achieved them yet . why do n’t you just back off a little bit ? relax . chill out . trust god . watch what he can do . he can do it a whole lot faster and a whole lot better than you can do it.the only benefit of being stretched and being on overload is that it forces you to trust god . it brings you to your knees , and you realize you ’re up against the wall , out of steam , out of energy.one time the apostle paul hit burnout . he was in asia , working and serving . and he was ready to throw in the towel!god can do what you ca n’t do . jesus did not say , “ if you ’re busy , you can move mountains . ” he did n’t say , “ if you work really hard and get really stressed out , you can move a mountain . ” he said that if you have faith , you can move mountains ( matthew 17:20 ) . faith , not busyness , is what gets the job done.so what ’s your mountain ? what ’s the problem in your life that needs moving ? stop doing so much ! do less , and trust god more.pray this prayer today : father , i ’ve lived without margin in my life for so long i can hardly remember what it ’s like to not feel fatigue or pressure all the time . i think fatigue is the normal way i ’m supposed to live and feel , but it ’s not . i ’m tired of being rushed and late and exhausted all the time . i ’ve got too many irons in the fire , and i need your help to get out of the mess i ’ve gotten myself into . help me to recognize and accept my limitations . help me to put some space in my schedule . i need breathing room and margin in my life . jesus christ , i know i ca n’t do it all , and i need your wisdom in deciding what matters most and what i should do . i do n’t want to waste my life . please give me the courage to say ‘ no ’ to the wrong things and ‘ yes ’ to the right things . most of all , help me to trust you . forgive me for thinking and acting as if everything depends on me . it does n’t . it all depends on you ! i want to have greater faith in you and less reliance on myself . i want less stress and more margin in my life . in your name i pray . amen .
whether due to spotty cellular reception or just data that you want to save , popular navigation apps like google maps and waze offer an offline feature that lets you navigate from one location to another in the absence of internet service . apple maps also lets you use its service offline on your iphone , though the feature is not as straightforward as it is on its competitors.while it does n't offer an obvious option for offline navigation outright , apple maps nonetheless has this feature built in , as it caches your current destination and saves it until you end your route . this means that even if you enter an area with poor cellular service , navigation will still go relatively smoothly as long as you have " location services " enabled . you can also pull up basic maps for locations offline . getting offline navigationto get directions , while connected to the internet , input the address you 'd like to go to as you normally would in apple maps . tap on " go " once you 've chosen the best route , then wait for the route to load and navigation to fully commence.with the route saved on maps , you 're free to turn off both your cellular and wi-fi connections . navigation , along with alternate route selection ( that saved ) will still work as normal as long as " location services " is turned on , though you wo n't be able to get additional services that require an internet connection , such as adding pit stops , in addition to traffic data and other information . viewing maps offlineany navigation you have going will come to a standstill if both the internet connections and " location services " are disabled , but you 'll still be able to access the map along with any saved routes that you can use for reference . you 'll still also have the ability to view points of interest like restaurants that saved within the general area of your route.if you just want to create an offline map without getting directions , all you have to do is be connected to the internet , then load the area you want in apple maps . once you go offline , a lot of the basic details will still remain depending on how much you zoomed into the map to load details . the more you zoom in before going offline , the more details will be saved .
popular farming sim and harvest moon clone stardew valley has finally added the multiplayer mod . now you can basically turn your friends into unpaid workers on your farm . it ’s good fun as long as you ’re not too concerned about the game ’s story . multiplayer is one of several features which developer eric “ concernedape ” barone has been promising for two years . the game itself has changed radically since launch , adding new builds , maps , romantic interests , and items . if nothing else , the game is a study in how to add free dlc in just the right increments to keep your audience interested . for the moment , multiplayer is still in beta and exclusive to steam players . one player hosts the game , and the others join them . everyone gets a cabin , though only the game ’s host can live in the big house — meaning your squad are basically your farmhands . still , at least everyone gets a shared pool of income and free reign to woo any of the available townsfolk — so not being able to have access to a shared farm when the host is offline seems like a small price to pay . the co-op mode does seem to break the game in one way — early livestreamers have revealed the game wo n’t play cutscenes for either host or guest , even if one of you is starting a new game . we ’ve contacted publisher chucklefish for more information . stardew is one of those games that sucks you in so hard you lose track of time — i ’ve got a conservative 142 hours in the game from one playthrough and i ’m still not sure how the number got up that high . so it would n’t seem like the kind of game that needs gilding , but the creators have steadily been adding more and more content to the game , with this mode being the crown on top . it breathes new life into a game that would otherwise have been given over to the modding community by now . the next web ’s 2018 conference is almost here , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
when you 're a parent who happens to be a celebrity , there 's no shortage of people with opinions on how you should raise your kids . but there 's one celebrity dad who 's calling out the " parent police " on social media . motorcycle racer and athlete carey hart has two kids with his wife p!nk : willow , 6 , and jameson , 1 . he recently shared a picture from their family vacation in fort lauderdale , florida , where he and jameson are on a jet ski . " short ride since he was getting splashed and not too stoked , " he wrote in the caption . " do n’t worry parent police , he is safe and i put him right back in his bubble when we were done . " most of the commenters seemed to enjoy hart 's caption . " jameson is just having a good time with his dad . people always have to criticize . look how happy that little guy looks ! you go jameson ! " wrote one person . " you are a great parent , make memories , live life , they grow so quick . ignore haters , " wrote another . regardless of what other people might have thought , it looks like the family had a great time on vacation . in a recent interview with people , p!nk discussed her own " free-range " upbringing and how it compares to her parenting style . “ my brother and i rode bikes to school and played in the woods all day . lots of rescuing animals , tree climbing , sports , gymnastics . i had a good childhood , ” she said . for her own kids , she said she makes sure to show lots of affection . " i believe in needs being met and faith being implemented , and i believe in letting your kids know they can count on you , and that you ’ll be there , " she said . “ the thing about parenting is you never know if anything you ’re doing is working , ” she said . " that ’s been the most humbling thing for me . "
in case you have n't already heard , ford is killing off its car lineup save for the mustang and upcoming focus active hatch . in just a few years , buyers looking for a fun hot hatch will have to go somewhere else to get their fix . but for now , there are some great deals to be had on fiesta st , focus st , and focus rs cars sitting on dealer lots . as jalopnik points out , there are some seriously steep discounts available right now on ford 's trio of excellent-driving hatchbacks . thanks to ford incentives and dealer mark-downs , the wonderful fiesta st can be found for under $ 17,000 ( that 's over $ 4000 lower than base msrp ) . cars.com if you 're willing to shell out another $ 1000 - $ 2000 , you can step up to the more powerful and spacious focus st. of course , if you 're looking for the most capable hot hatch money can buy right now , new examples of the focus rs can be found with markdowns of up to $ 5000 . considering the performance you get , we 'd say that 's the deal of the century.cars.com if it were me , i 'd probably go for a fiesta st. it 's the cheapest to buy , least expensive to keep running , and honestly , it 's the most fun of the trio to drive ( i put 50,000 miles on mine before i sold it ) . hurry now before ford gets rid of them forever .
" tonight i can write the saddest lines . i loved her , and sometimes she loved me too . " - pablo nerudawe all know love can be darn hurtful at times . and are also well-aware of the bitter truth , that it deserts us when we need it the most . what heals us or what empathizes with us then , are the pearls of words from these famous people . they weave magic , for they incorporate the highest of emotions in the simplest of words.as some respite , come these words by the lovely author , pablo neruda . he won the nobel prize for literature in 1971 for his writings , diving in feelings . he was a chilean poet , diplomat , and politician , but he still breathes with us , with his ubiquitous writings on love , loss , and life . read on , as i wait to hear ' touché , ' at the end of the piece , from you . summing up pain and beauty with chronology . sometimes love kills , too . dangerously , though . when things begin to fall apart . #notsocosyphase
it 's one thing to fail so miserably that you ruin your day - maybe even your week . it 's another thing altogether if you fail so terribly that you endanger the lives of others . take a look at the first photo . there is a man filling up a trash bucket with gasoline . not only is he putting the gas in a container that it 's not safe to store in , but he 's putting it in the back of his truck and deciding to drive off . there are innumerable ways this can/will go wrong ... and that 's just the first picture . scroll through to see 14 hilarious photos of people failing in crazy ways . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which ones made you laugh . 1 . gas to go ... 2 . ever tried to charge your phone with your headphones ? 3 . spray painting her car black at walmart4 . you might want to grab a book while you wait for this to dry 5 . when you learn too late in life that plastic melts 6 . when you make everything more difficult than it needs to be 7 . using your phone to mock people on their phones 8 . the contractor made it very difficult to open this closet 9 . this guy tried to get rid of his christmas tree by throwing it out the window 10 . tree removal service gone wrong 11 . how did it get caught in hair that short ? 12 . this is becoming an epidemic - have you ever seen anyone do this ? 13 . he thought by putting his shirt in the microwave it would dry quicker 14 . " my precious hula hoop " which of these did you think was the worst mistake ?
by : tanveer ahmedthe importance of understanding in the relationship between husband and wife is of immense importance . this is often ignored by most people which lead to bitter relationships and unhappy atmosphere of the house!this woman wakes up to find that her husband did not come to bed . the reason will surprise youbrie gowen even recorded this event on her blog . recalling the events of the day , she wrote on her blog , " the side of the bed to my left was empty . in fact it was untouched . that side of the bed was still tidily made , and that told me two things . one , i really had slept like a rock . and two , my husband had not come to bed at all last night . i was n’t surprised one bit , " she wrote.she was n't surprised because she obviously knew the reason . she recalled the day earlier when she was running late for work and had reminded herself that she should get gasoline for her car . so she immediately went and checked for that ! well , it was full . no , a fuel fairy has n't paid her a visit , it was someone else . read on to know what had happened!it was the thoughtfulness of her husband that had saved her . this had indeed made her day . is n't it all about how much we care about these little things about our significant other ? well , she had never asked her husband to do that for her , he simply did , not out of compulsion but out of choice , a choice , that he had made long ago while marrying her , that he would take care of her insignificant things . the reverse holds true as well!still wondering why he was missing from the bed in the morning ? just go ahead to know!he had been sleeping with their three little rowdy daughters in their room to ensure that they do not interrupt her sleep . she had the best sleep and he had ensured her this !
open plan offices are increasingly popular , and can be found in a diverse array of workplaces : from premium headphone manufacturers , to even international spy agencies . but they ’re also , let ’s face it , pretty awful . proponents of the open-plan office design fête the fact that it permits greater collaboration — if you can see your co-workers , it ’s easier to strike up a conversation with them and share new ideas . that ’s good for company culture . however , the downsides more than outweigh that , as open plan offices are hugely distracting . your productivity suffers if your concentration breaks whenever someone sneezes , or strikes up an unwelcome conversation with you . countless companies have tried to address this problem with technology . plantronics , for example , spent millions of euros on building a headquarters that used soundscaping to filter out distractions . and today , a new york-based company called room ( their caps , not mine ) announced its new soundproof “ privacy pods , ” which can be installed within an office to create pockets of isolation . room ’s privacy pods are a little bigger than a phone booth , and come shipped flat packed . according to the manufacturers , they take just thirty minutes to assemble . once built , they can easily be moved to another part of the office . from the pictures included with the press release , the room pods have a small ledge big enough for a laptop , and are large enough to include a chair . it ’s not implausible to imagine using this for day-to-day work , although it ’ll undoubtedly be a little claustrophobic , especially if you ’re used the the airy spaciousness of a conventional office . the front of the booth is constructed primarily out of glass , allowing anyone to see if it ’s occupied without blindly barging in . overall , room says its privacy pod is built with 60 percent recycled plastic bottles . it ’s also soundproof . not only will your concentration remain unbroken by the cacophony of coughing and ringing phones , any conversations you have within the booth will remain private . it mercifully also comes with a built-in fan and ventilation system , which is probably for the best , especially during those in hot summer months . some smells can not be unsmelled . room already has a long list of pre-orders for its privacy pods . at $ 2,995 , they ’re not cheap . i also ca n’t help but feel they ’re a sticking plaster over a bigger problem . open plan offices just are n’t that great . a 2014 study from ipsos laid bare the distracting nature of this popular office design , showing that on average , workers lost 86 minutes a day due to distractions . overall , 85 percent of people dislike their working conditions , and struggle to concentrate . they ’re also really bad for our health too . a separate 2014 study from insurance company canada life found who work in open plan offices take 70 percent more sick days than those who do n’t . and in 2013 , the university of arizona found that when someone comes into work sick , they ’ll contaminate half of the commonly-touched surfaces — like telephones , doorknobs , and even the office fridge . blegh . advances like room are undeniably cool , but rather than acquire expensive gadgets , perhaps it ’s worth workplaces addressing the root cause of the problem ? take it from me , an openness to remote working is a great first step .
a leaked tyson fury sparring footage clip has emerged online ahead of his comeback fight to the sport on june 9th at the manchester arena in the uk.the opponent has not been confirmed just yet but what is known is that fury will go into the bout with a new trainer in ben davison and a new promoter in frank warren.it will be over two and a half years since fury fought in the ring and since then has gone through many things outside the ring.however he ’s won in that regard already , in terms of beating his personal demons and has been vocal in saying making it to june 9th in itself is a big achievement for him.that said , he ’ll want to mak a run at the title again being the competitor that he has.now this determination has been leaked in this video from sports view london youtube who have shown fury looking very , very sharp in sparring ahead of the comeback fight : it is understood that fury ’s new promotional deal is a multi-fight agreement with a joshua or wilder showdown being aimed for in 2019 .
you watch a home improvement show , or subscribe to a cooking channel on youtube and it looks so easy that you decide to try it out for yourself . then the fateful moment hits you when you realize you should have left this to the professionals . the people in these photos ended up getting in way over their heads , when they should have paused , reassessed the situation and stopped immediately . scroll through to see 13 people who tried the " diy " method and ended up failing terribly . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you liked the most . 1 . there has to be 1,263 ways that are safer to do this 2 . can anyone explain how this happened ? 3 . " see , it 's actually a myth that gasoline is flammable ... " 4 . this guy lives on the edge ... literally 5 . for the manliest men only 6 . bob ross art fail 7 . what were you cooking , sulfuric acid ? 8 . more than meats the eye ... 9 . keeping your head safe while putting everyone else in danger 10 . these were the only glasses he had 11 . do you know anyone who would fall for this ? 12 . this is wrong on multiple levels 13 . it might be time to trade this inwhich of these did you think was the biggest fail ?
drivers have to anticipate a lot of things on the road , but a gigantic duck is n't usually one of them . but unfortunately , commuters in the great plains had to contend with quacky last week . twitter user marc r. wallace captured video of an enormous inflatable duck that rolled down the streets of des moines , iowa , on thursday . its name was quacky . it wore some pretty sweet sunglasses . apparently , it was supposed to be a part of the 11th annual duck derby fundraiser hosted by the youth emergency shelter and services of iowa until one of its tethers broke and it got away . the huge balloon tumbled its way through two blocks on a city street . quacky did n't hurt anyone , but did impress many . according to the des moines register , quacky broke away from the event due to heavy winds , but was quickly captured by the staff . of course , twitter was quick with duck puns or whatever jokes fit the bill . " i am happy to report the duck is back home in its nest and very safe and undamaged , " stephen quirk , ceo of youth emergency shelter and services of iowa told des moines register . luckily , no cars or pedestrians were harmed and quacky got the much needed care that it deserved after its big city adventure .
saturday night live cast member aidy bryant and her longtime boyfriend , comedy writer conner o'malley , officially tied the knot over the weekend . the comedian shared the news in an instagram photo of them walking down the aisle , presumably after the ceremony took place at new york ’s wythe hotel . according to people , her snl co-stars michael che , mike o'brien , and kate mckinnon attended the ceremony . che re-grammed bryant 's photo in his own congratulatory post on his instagram story on monday . “ aidy was a blushing bride . she was smiling from ear to ear all day , ” a source close to bryant told people . “ she and conner are an adorable couple . laughter is a key part of their relationship and something that binds this group together , so there was a lot of that throughout . everyone there in attendance were just so happy for the two of them . the entire day was really a joy . from the weather to the food to her gorgeous dress , it was all perfect . ” bryant announced her engagement more than a year ago on late night with seth meyers , saying that at first she thought o'malley was joking because the proposal took place one night after work — not at a fancy dinner or on a special trip . " we ’ve been together a long time ; we ’ve been together almost nine years . so , a lot of the shimmer and shine has faded and we ’re just living every damn day as best we can , " bryant told meyers . " we ’ve seen each other through a lot . like , he used to work as a full-blown garbage man — not a joke , just a garbage man . i used to sweep up hair in a barber shop . i mean , we ’ve , like , been through it . " congrats to the newlyweds !
techland has the rights once more there was a time when you simply could n’t purchase call of juarez : gunslinger . due to some conflicting rights issues , the game disappeared from steam . thankfully , this dark time has passed . the bloody wild west adventure has returned to steam with a special homecoming discount ! thanks to a new partnership with ubisoft , call of juarez is once again available for purchase . admittedly , there is a slim cross-section of people who were affected by this news . if you ’ve yet to purchase the game but could not however , this is a great day ! for two-thirds of the usual price , you too can embark on a perilous journey through the bloodiest rendition of the western frontier at the end of the 19th century . for those of you unfamiliar with juarez , the game follows one silas greaves as he hunts down and executes some of the era ’s most notorious criminals . i played it myself back when you could find it on steam . it ’s a well-paced exercise in sun-bleached savagery . honestly , for this price , you can pretty much guarantee you ’ll get your money ’s worth out of this one . you can take a look at the call of juarez steam page here . source : press release the post call of juarez is on steam again appeared first on cogconnected .
amidst a slew of new equipment coming down the pipeline for u.s. marines is a new designated marksman rifle . the m38 scoped rifle is designed to give marine infantry squads the ability to hit individual targets at ranges of up to 600 meters with greater precision than marines equipped with ordinary m4 carbines . according to marine corps times the rifle will be fully issued by september 2018 . after 9/11 , the u.s. army and marines saw a need for a rifle that could reach out and hit targets at a greater distance than the typical m4 carbine or m16a2/a4 rifle could manage . typically , such a rifle would be equipped with a long range telescopic sight bipod , and ideally have some work done by military armorers to increase accuracy . the u.s. marines created a designated marksman position to carry the rifle and used a variety of designated marksman rifles ( dmrs ) including the m39 enhanced marksman rifle and the mark 12 special purpose rifle.soldiers and marines called designated marksmen typically earn that title by being the best shots in their squad or platoon . designated marksmen received instruction in shooting farther than the average rifleman , particularly the means to negate the effects of gravity and wind on a 5.56-millimeter bullet . despite this designated marksmen are still riflemen at heart and train to shoot shorter distances than snipers.leupold ts-30a2 mark 4 mr/t scope on a m38 squad designated marksman rifle . now the marines are preparing to field a new dmr , the m38 squad designated marksman rifle . the m38 is basically a m27 infantry automatic rifle with a leupold ts-30a2 mark 4 mr/t scope . the m38 shoots 5.56 rounds , the same as the marines ’ m16a4 , m4 , m249 , and m27 rifles and takes the same thirty round magazine . it can technically shoot fully automatic but as a sdmr rifle , it will primarily shoot semi-auto . it is based on the heckler and koch 416 assault rifle and equipped with a 16.5-inch barrel . the ts-30a2 mark 4 mr/t scope was formerly on the mk . 12 special purpose rifle . it has a magnification range of 2.5 to 8 power and at full magnification has a field of view of 13.6 feet . it is waterproof , fogproof , and shockproof . the ts-30a2 is a second focal plane optic , which means the scope reticle will appear the same size no matter what power the scope is dialed to . the marine corps times says that the m38 sdmr has been issued to all three marine expeditionary forces . the m38 will be issued at a rate of one per thirteen man marines infantry squad . in addition to the m38 , the marines are receiving a new sniper rifle and plan to equip regular infantry with 15,000 m27 automatic rifles .
katy perry 's visit to meet the pope with her " darling " orlando bloom really was a date between a steady , back-on , exclusive couple , people is reporting . a source told the outlet that perry and bloom “ are dating exclusively again and things seem more serious . they are both excited about it and do n’t want to hide , but at the same time they are trying to keep privacy as well . it ’s obvious that they both missed each other after their split . " " their relationship seems stronger now , ” the source continued . “ orlando got sick of being single . dating different women is not so alluring to him anymore . ” things are so official now — and had been heading that way for some time — that bloom did n't even shoot down the idea of them being back together in an interview released april 28 ( and likely conducted some time before ) . instead , he ended up talking to the timesabout how falling in love with perry surprised him . " she ’s a remarkable human being , actually , " he started . " completely surprising , because i am not her demographic . i am a little older than her , so i was n’t someone overly familiar with her artistic endeavors when we met . i would n’t have imagined anything happening . and , you know , when you get hit sideways , you get hit sideways . you do n’t pick who you fall in love with . and then you come around and there ’s all sorts of things that happen in between , right ? " “ we have had , ” he continued , correcting his tense because he was n't ready to give too much away at that point , presumably . “ we had a really remarkable connection . and it ’s difficult . she ’s on tour , i ’m doing a play , everything evolves . i have a lot of respect for her and a lot of deep feeling . so we will see . ” perry hinted at the official status change in an interview with entertainment tonight last week , when she described herself as having " been spoken for " dating-wise . " i 'm very happy ! " she said.bloom and perry originally announced they were " taking respectful , loving space at this time " in march 2017 ( though bloom did n't stop liking perry 's photos on instagram ) . rumors of them dating again first sparked in august 2017 , though it was n't clear how serious or exclusive it was .
barefoot contessa fans , clear some space on your bookshelf : there 's a new ina garten cookbook coming out . garten took to instagram today to share the exciting news and show off the book 's cover . ina garten 's 11th cookbook is called cook like a pro , named after her current food network series , which just came back for a second season . according to garten 's post , the cookbook is " full of delicious and accessible recipes , tips , and techniques for home cooks so you can cook with confidence . " pre-order now $ 35 , amazon.com that means that along with recipes , like truffled scrambled eggs , raspberry panna cotta , and creamy chicken thighs , you 'll get kitchen and entertaining tips too . if you 're not sure how to tell when a filet of beef is perfectly cooked or you need some dinner party hosting tips , ina 's got your back.ina garten 's pal ( and a + instagram follow ) jennifer garner already shared her love for the book , commenting " finally !! i hope i get to see you on the book tour — and i 'm preordering now !! x " same , jen , same . cook like a pro comes out october 23 , and is available for pre-order now . in the meantime , we 'll be flipping through garten 's last cookbook , cooking for jeffrey , and stalking her blog for more updates .
at the southwestern corner of antarctic continent , there ’s a river of ice dubbed the “ most dangerous glacier in the world . ” on monday , american and british scientists officially launched a venture to investigate thwaites glacier . their goal : to figure out whether it ’s headed for a catastrophic collapse in the near future . we already know thwaites glacier is melting at a rate of about 40 centimeters per year , according to the bbc . that alone has caused about 4 percent of the world ’s sea level rise we ’ve seen in the past 25 years . as if that were n’t startling enough , scientists are worried thwaites is about to make a much bigger splash : if ocean waters have infiltrated far enough beneath this glacier , its florida-sized-mass could begin sliding off land and into the ocean . if that happens , estimates ( that , granted , range widely ) suggest that could raise global sea levels by between 2 and 10 feet . image credit : nasa “ for global sea-level change in the next century , this thwaites glacier is almost the entire story , ” new york university geoscientist david holland told the washington post . holland , along with his collaborator from the british antarctic survey , are the leaders of one of six field missions that make up the international thwaites glacier collaboration ( itgc ) . the project is the largest scientific antarctic collaboration seen in decades , involving over 100 scientists from all over the world , with an estimated final cost of over $ 55 million . it will include measures of the rates that ice volume and ice mass are changing , and rely heavily on remote submersibles to investigate just how much salt water has moved beneath the glacier . the researchers will be accompanied by an all-star cast of non-humans . seals will be fitted with sensors that monitor the temperature of the water through which they swim , according to the bbc . also in the mix : the submarine known as boaty mcboatface . according to the guardian , current estimates of sea level rise by the intergovernmental panel on climate change already forecast an average rise between 9.8 and 15.7 inches , if we maintained current greenhouse gas emissions — without factoring in the collapse of antarctic glaciers . probing thwaites ’ condition , then , is clearly of global importance . it ’s fitting that a global team will take it on .
ingredients : 4 cups half-and-half cream 2-1/2 cups sugar dash salt 4 eggs , lightly beaten 4 cups heavy whipping cream 1 can ( 5 ounces ) evaporated milk 1 tablespoon vanilla extract 2 cups mashed ripe bananas ( 4 to 5 medium ) directions : in a large heavy saucepan , heat half-and-half to 175 ° ; stir in sugar and salt until dissolved . whisk a small amount of hot mixture into eggs . return all to the pan , whisking constantly . cook and stir over low heat until mixture reaches 160 ° and coats the back of a metal spoon . remove from the heat . cool quickly by placing pan in a bowl of ice water ; stir for 2 minutes . stir in the whipping cream , milk and vanilla . press plastic wrap onto surface of custard . refrigerate for several hours or overnight . stir in bananas . fill cylinder of ice cream freezer two-thirds full ; freeze according to manufacturer ’s directions . refrigerate remaining mixture until ready to freeze . when ice cream is frozen , transfer to a freezer container ; freeze for 2-4 hours before serving.nutritional facts : 1/2 cup : 309 calories , 20g fat ( 12g saturated fat ) , 112 mg cholesterol , 58 mg sodium , 28g carbohydrate ( 27g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 4g protein.makes : 24 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + chilling process : 20 min . / batch + freezing
ingredients : 19 ice cream sandwiches 1 jar ( 16 ounces ) hot fudge ice cream topping 1-1/2 cups salted peanuts 3 heath candy bars ( 1.4 ounces each ) 1 carton ( 8 ounces ) frozen whipped topping , thaweddirections : cut one ice cream sandwich in half . place one whole and one half sandwich along a short side of an ungreased 13x9-in . dish . arrange eight sandwiches in opposite direction in the dish . remove lid from fudge topping . microwave 15-30 seconds to warm ; stir . spread one-half of fudge topping over ice cream sandwiches . in a food processor , combine peanuts and candy bars . cover and pulse until chopped . sprinkle one-half of mixture over fudge layer . repeat layers of ice cream sandwiches and fudge topping . spread whipped topping over top of cake . sprinkle with remaining peanut mixture . cover and freeze for up to 2 months . remove from the freezer 20 minutes before serving . cut into squares.nutritional facts : 1 each : 422 calories , 19g fat ( 8g saturated fat ) , 26 mg cholesterol , 154 mg sodium , 54g carbohydrate ( 33g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 9g protein.makes : 15 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + freezing
new york jets safety and self-proclaimed team president , jamal adams , pokes fun at buffalo bills quarterback josh allen about his accuracy concerns . after a marvelous 2018 nfl draft for the new york jets , everyone is feeling good on 1 jets drive . of course , that includes superstar jamal adams who has a new favorite quarterback after draft day.here ’s the kicker : it ’s not sam darnold . in fact , it ’s a different rookie signal caller entirely : in response to the josh allen interception video posted by twitter user @actionjack69 , adams could n’t wait to proclaim the bills qb as one of his new favorite young arms.the shade is real and the rivalry has been reignited with two of the top four quarterbacks in the 2018 nfl draft in the same division.the jets had to use three second round picks to trade up for the consensus top quarterback in this class in darnold while the buffalo bills had to give up two second round picks for josh allen.both of these young guys will now be connected until the end of time.meanwhile , adams is hoping that he and allen can create a special bond held by a precious few : when dbs own pick-six records concerning a specific quarterback in the nfl.here ’s hoping adams ’ favorite quarterback can create many special memories in the minds of new york jets fans for the next 10 to 15 years . new york jets safety jamal adams has approved sick-looking uniforms while insight is provided on why prospect josh … new york jets rookie jamal adams is a real football player and it was revealed on monday with … the new york jets need help at wide receiver and jordy nelson was released . jamal adams is trying to …
ingredients : 2 packages ( 13 ounces each ) fudge brownies 1 quart strawberry ice cream , softened 3 large firm bananas , halved lengthwise 1 cup hot fudge ice cream topping , warmed 1 quart vanilla ice cream , softened 3/4 cup chopped pecansdirections : arrange brownies in a greased 9-in . springform pan , cutting to fit and filling in small holes . spread with strawberry ice cream . cover and freeze for 3 hours or until firm . arrange bananas over ice cream , cutting to fit as needed . spread with fudge topping and vanilla ice cream . sprinkle with pecans . cover tightly and freeze overnight . may be frozen for up to 2 months . remove from the freezer 10 minutes before serving . carefully run a knife around the edge of pan to loosen ; remove sides of pan.note : this recipe was prepared with little debbie fudge brownies.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 487 calories , 21g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 36 mg cholesterol , 231 mg sodium , 71g carbohydrate ( 42g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 7g protein.makes : 14 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + freezing
ingredients : 2 cups diced fresh or frozen rhubarb , thawed 1-1/4 cups sugar , divided 1/2 cup water 2 tablespoons strawberry gelatin powder 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/2 cup miniature marshmallows 1 cup whole milk 1/4 teaspoon salt 2 cups heavy whipping cream 1 teaspoon vanilla extractdirections : in a small saucepan , bring the rhubarb , 1/2 cup sugar and water to a boil . reduce heat ; cover and simmer for 10-12 minutes or until rhubarb is tender . remove from the heat ; sprinkle gelatin and cinnamon over rhubarb mixture . let stand for 1 minute . stir until dissolved . cool to room temperature . stir in marshmallows . in a large saucepan , heat the milk , salt and remaining sugar to 175 ° . remove from the heat ; stir in cream and vanilla . refrigerate until chilled . pour into cylinder of ice cream freezer ; process for 10 minutes or until mixture begins to thicken . add rhubarb mixture ; freeze according to manufacturer 's directions . when ice cream is frozen , transfer to a freezer container ; freeze for 2-4 hours before serving.note : if using frozen rhubarb , measure rhubarb while still frozen , then thaw completely . drain in a colander , but do not press liquid out.nutritional facts : 1/2 cup : 300 calories , 18g fat ( 11g saturated fat ) , 68 mg cholesterol , 95 mg sodium , 33g carbohydrate ( 30g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 2g protein.makes : 10 servingstotal time : prep : 45 min . + cooling process : 20 min . + freezing
a popular hollywood actor tom hanks will very soon perform the role of tv presenter fred rogers . the artist was given the opportunity to supplement his list of films about famous personalities . hollywood actor tom hanks will play the role of television presenter , teacher and preacher fred rogers . this is not the first time he plays the role of historical personalities . for example , previously tom hanks played such characters as walt disney , richard phillips . currently , one of the richest actors in hollywood invited to the shooting of the biographical drama " you 're my friend . " the film is directed by mariel heller . it will be created using the tristar film studio . the main character - fred rogers was one of the most famous media personalities in the united states of the middle of the last century.let 's talk a little bit about fred rogers . since childhood , he dreamed of a career on tv . the path to success started as a musician , worked in this direction for several years . graduated from college in musical area , and then in seminary continued training .
ingredients : 3 cups sugar 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour pinch salt 8 cups milk 4 eggs , lightly beaten 1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , cubed 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 3 cups fresh or frozen unsweetened strawberries , thawed 2 cups heavy whipping creamdirections : in a heavy saucepan , combine the sugar , flour and salt . gradually add milk until smooth . bring to a boil over medium heat ; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened . remove from the heat ; cool slightly . whisk a small amount of hot milk mixture into the eggs ; return all to the pan , whisking constantly . cook and stir over low heat until mixture reaches at least 160 ° and coats the back of a metal spoon . stir in the cream cheese until melted . remove from the heat . cool quickly by placing pan in a bowl of ice water ; stir for 2 minutes . stir in vanilla . press plastic wrap onto surface of custard . refrigerate for several hours or overnight . stir strawberries and cream into custard . fill cylinder of ice cream freezer two-thirds full ; freeze according to the manufacturer ’s directions . refrigerate remaining mixture until ready to freeze . when ice cream is frozen , transfer to a freezer container ; freeze for 2-4 hours before serving.nutritional facts : 1/2 cup : 202 calories , 11g fat ( 6g saturated fat ) , 61 mg cholesterol , 65 mg sodium , 24g carbohydrate ( 23g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 4g protein.makes : 32 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + cooling process : 20 min . / batch + freezing
verelife.comgod , wants us to be clean and pure.psalms 18 : 26 . to the pure you show yourself pure , but to the crooked you show yourself shrewd.he knows that being clean benefits us . and when we are clean , we bring honor to him .1 peter 2 : 12 . live such good lives among the pagans that , though they accuse you of doing wrong , they may see your good deeds and glorify god on the day he visits us.show proper respect to everyone : love the brotherhood of believers , fear god , honor the king.the main reason we need to be clean is that we want to be “ imitators of god . ” ephesians 5 : 1 . be imitators of god , therefore , as dearly loved childrenjeremiah 10 : 12 . but god made the earth by his power ; he founded the world by his wisdom and stretched out the heavens by his understanding.romans 1 : 20 . for since the creation of the world god 's invisible qualities -- his eternal power and divine nature -- have been clearly seen , being understood from what has been made , so that men are without excuse.verelife.com
remedy entertainment will finally unveil their mysterious ‘ project 7 ’ at e3 remedy entertainment , the developer behind games like max payne , quantum break and alan wake , will finally unveil their next big project at e3 2018 , so far mysteriously titled project 7 . since it was discovered last year that remedy was working on a new title , not much has been released in the way of tangible information . but in just over a few weeks time , this will all change ! the game , whose codename is project 7 ( or p7 ) , will be part of it ’s publisher ’s lineup : 505 games , as remedy dropped microsoft as their publisher last year . so for anyone who missed the big announcement last year , this next big title will be available for the playstation 4 as well . according to the press release that revealed this game was in the works , project 7 “ is a cinematic third person action game set in a new remedy-created universe . featuring an intriguing story and a game structure offering a long-lasting experience , p7 contains the deepest game mechanics yet in a remedy game . ” while there ’s no big details other than that to reveal what kind of game project 7 will be , it will be interesting to see how the latest game will fit in with previous games from remedy entertainment , as well as those from 505 games . will project 7 have a similar style to that of quantum break or alan wake ? 505 games clarified that the press will be getting a hands-off look at the project , and while that may be disappointing , it will still be unique and definitely worth keeping an eye out for at this years e3 conference . and , at the very least , we ’ll find out a bit more about the game , find out the actual title , and hopefully , fingers crossed , we ’ll get to see an epic trailer . project 7 is set to release sometime in 2019 for xbox one , playstation 4 and pc . are you excited to see what project 7 will be ? let us know your thoughts in the comments below and keep it locked for updates as we lead up to e3 2018 ! source
advisor perspectives welcomes guest contributions . the views presented here do not necessarily represent those of advisor perspectives . the previous article i wrote on this subject was so popular that i had to continue my tirade . toss these six marketing buzzwords in the never-to-be-used jargon dumpster , in reverse order from the least to most offensive . get the timeless reading ebook in pdf get the entire 10-part series on timeless reading in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues . 6 . family cfo/personal cfo these are not accurate . a cfo is someone who handles matters such as payroll , recordkeeping , budgeting and procurement . the cio handles the investments . show me an advisor who is willing to carry out those tedious and low-margin tasks for the average client who has let ’s say $ 1 million . most advisors are only going to do this if acting as a family office for people with $ 50 million + . are you going to send wire transfers when they ’re on vacation in europe when what you want to do is create a financial plan ( for which you earn high fees ) or run their portfolios ( for which you earn high fees ) ? nein . it ’s a sweet idea , though . 5 . boutique wealth management firm small advisor firms like to use the word “ boutique ” to convey that they serve a sophisticated clientele , but have you ever thought about what the word really means ? “ boutique ” is from the latin word “ apotheca , ” or storehouse ( merriam webster , n.d. ) . before the investment industry popularized its own interpretation of this word , the meaning it conveyed was that of a small shop . the original storefront meaning is what people who do not work in the investment industry think it means . now think about that for a moment . if most people think of a retail store selling trendy clothing and accessories when they hear this word , what is the subconscious effect you are giving them ? exactly what i said : selling . we are an industry that prides itself on not being salespeople , but instead being the most loving , huggable , caring people the world has ever seen . we would never dare try to sell you a whole-life insurance policy . boutique is for jeans and crop tops , not retirement accounts . 4 . client-centric approach ( also called client-centered approach ) of course , because the client is the one paying the bill ! why should n’t they be the center of attention ? you ’re the service provider and they ’re the boss ! there is not one business in the world that operates any other way . serving the client is the definition of business . it is just so pandering . i love you sooooo much . now let ’s smooch ! 3 . investment committee this is a hoity-toity , institutional sounding word , so advisors who manage money in-house like to use it because they feel it makes them look like goldman sachs . it may seem like it ’s lending gravitas to your operation . but to the outsider it sounds ludicrous . what is the first thing that comes to mind is when you hear the word “ committee ” ? it reminds me of student council meetings in high school : riddled with bureaucracy , grandstanding and full of people speaking up who do n’t know what in tarnation they are talking about . moreover , it ’s laughable for a small firm to have an investment committee because half the firm is included . it ’s preposterous to assert that the investment associate with three years of experience who has failed level two of the cfa exam twice is going to be making decisions that impact whether or not people get to retire . in reality there ’s one decision maker , usually the one paying the salaries , and everyone debates back and forth but at the end they all have to agree with him or her or else they ’ll get fired . do n’t be ridiculous . it ’s not a democracy , folks , this is capitalism . read the full article here by sara grillo , advisor perspectives
kanye west has taken a break from his regularly scheduled ranting to post a truly sweet tweet : a picture of his son , saint , giving his youngest daughter , chicago , a kiss on the head . " we got love , " west captioned the loving photo.saint , 2 , is kind of obsessed with his 3-month-old baby sister . just last month , kim kardashian shared her own precious photo of saint giving chicago a sweet kiss on the nose . " he loves her so much , " kim captioned the picture . during her recent appearance on the ellen degeneres show , kim gushed about saint and chicago 's relationship . " he loves his little sister . he ’s so sweet with her , " she said . " i always have to watch out for him — he smothers her , and he has this really big hair so he just jumps in her crib . " north is n't as excited for her youngest sibling as saint is , but kim says she is improving her big sister game — apparently she had trouble adjusting to not being an only child when saint was born . " she ’s better than she was with saint , " kim said , adding that north still has some issues to overcome in the sharing department , but that she 's getting better . last week , kim shared a picture of the whole kardashian-west family together on a plane ( private , of course ) , captioned , " party of 5 . " the reality star and mother of three has previously lamented just how difficult it can be to get a great picture of her growing family . " i do n’t think you really understand how hard it is to take a good family pic . this was all we got before all three kids started crying . i think i cried too , " she wrote with a picture posted on april 4 .
hroughout the month , players can expect new content and updates to appear on playstation ® 4 and xbox one on a weekly basis starting off on may 5 with the game ’s first item pass delivery and a new five-player dungeon set for level 65 characters . the following week , players will be able to test their pvp skills with a new level-65 battleground called corsairs ’ stronghold , where two teams of 20 players will alternate between protecting the keep and attacking it in a best-of-three siege mode . the full rundown of may activities and updates can be found here – now available for free on the playstation ® store and microsoft store , tera features a massive world alive with fantastic characters , big-ass monsters ( bams ) and precision-based , combo-driven combat . the fast-paced action , skill-based aiming and positioning , and furious combos make for a visceral experience that works perfectly on consoles . with a character type to match nearly every play style and innumerable customization options , tera gives every type of player something to experience and provides a world of content completely for free . and the world of tera is just beginning , as there is a robust schedule of free content updates slated to come to players in the weeks and months ahead . for more information on tera , please visit the official site tera.enmasse.com and follow the game on facebook , twitter and youtube . this posting is the official press release from en masse entertainment pr for antdagamer publishings
prince harry and meghan markle have had no shortage of public couple moments lately . they stepped out the same day prince louis was born , they 've worn matching polos , and even with their wedding right around the corner , they still made time to attend multiple events on anzac day.all of that is changing , though . the royal couple is reportedly taking a hiatus in order to focus on their big day , and it means that we wo n't be getting any more meghan markle fashion hits until she 's in a wedding dress saying " i do . " it 's assumed at this point that the couple will not be making any more public appearances until they wed. kensington palace traditionally reports the dates of official royal engagements ahead of time , so that royal fans around the world are up to date on what family members are up to . what 's notable about their current schedule , though , is the distinct absence of harry and meghan . without any visit dates in the near future , it 's quite possible that harry and meghan are stepping back from the spotlight in advance of their wedding . truthfully though , taking leave is n't that unusual.they are currently preparing to tie the knot on may 19 , and their last appearance on anzac day ( where meghan quite literally wore many hats ) , was only last week , when they honored fallen veterans from australia and new zealand . a little break does n't sound like such a bad thing after all .
wet lungs are diseases caused by bacteria or viruses . this disease occurs due to bad habits performed every day such as cigarettes , alcohol , do not keep cleanliness and littering . { " width " : 580 , " web_uri " : " 005ae7ebd3894093d659 " , " height " : 311 , " description " : " image : https://seniorjustice.com/aspiration-pneumonia/" } wet lungs or in medical terms are called pneumonia is a disease caused by a viral , fungal , or bacterial infection that triggers inflammation of the alveoli or air bag in the lungs . as the name suggests , the disease attacks the human organs in the lung areas marked by early symptoms such as chest pain , cough with phlegm occasionally , often sweating , especially the palms and difficulty breathing ( asthma ) . well , here are the bad habits that must be reduced to minimize the risk of getting wet lung disease .1 . smoking and alcoholic beverages.it has been proven that smoking can damage our organs especially the lungs . alcohol addiction makes a person 's health condition worse and reduces your immune immunity . for those of you who every day to consume cigarettes , from now on reduce little by little to avoid the wet lungs .2 . a dirty environment.in a dirty and shabby neighborhood there must be a lot of bacteria and viruses , let alone wet lung disease arising from bacteria and viruses . bacteria and viruses can enter into the human body through air , water , and many other media contained in a dirty environment . so from now on let 's keep our environment clean .3 . throw garbage carelessly.by littering can be sure will be many bacteria and viruses that breed so that it can enter into our body . stop throwing away used tissue , sanitary napkins , or other objects that can trigger arbitrary bacterial proliferation . bacteria that are inhaled from the rubbish above can trigger many diseases , one of them is the wet lung.therefore let 's change our habits become healthier . with a healthy condition ensured all activities will run smoothly and positive thoughts will be easier to emerge.source : www.halodokter.com/ciri-ciri-paru-paru-basah-dan-cara - mencegahnya
we often lie to ourselves about the progress we are making on important goals.for example : if we want to lose weight , we might claim that we 're eating healthy , but in reality our eating habits have n't changed very much.if we want to be more creative , we might say that we 're trying to write more , but in reality we are n't holding ourselves to a rigid publishing schedule.if we want to learn a new language , we might say that we have been consistent with our practice even though we skipped last night to watch television.we use lukewarm phrases like , “ i 'm doing well with the time i have available . ” or , “ i 've been trying really hard recently . ” rarely do these statements include any type of hard measurement . they are usually just soft excuses that make us feel better about having a goal that we have n't made much real progress toward . ( i know because i 've been guilty of saying many of these things myself . ) why do these little lies matter?because they are preventing us from being self-aware . emotions and feelings are important and they have a place , but when we use feel-good statements to track our progress in life , we end up lying to ourselves about what we 're actually doing.when the stethoscope came along it provided a tool for physicians to get an independent diagnosis of what was going on inside the patient . we can also use tools to get a independent diagnosis of what is going on inside our own lives .
if you have to try to be cool , you will never be cool . if you have to try to be happy , then you will never be happy . maybe the problem these days is people are just trying too hard.happiness , like other emotions , is not something you obtain , but rather something you inhabit . when you ’re raging pissed and throwing a socket wrench at the neighbor ’s kids , you are not self-conscious about your state of anger . you are not thinking to yourself , “ am i finally angry ? am i doing this right ? ” no , you ’re out for blood . you inhabit and live the anger . you are the anger . and then it ’s gone.just as a confident man does n’t wonder if he ’s confident , a happy man does not wonder if he ’s happy . he simply is.what this implies is that finding happiness is not achieved in itself , but rather it is the side effect of a particular set of ongoing life experiences . this gets mixed up a lot , especially since happiness is marketed so much these days as a goal in and of itself . buy x and be happy . learn y and be happy . but you ca n’t buy happiness and you ca n’t achieve happiness . it just is . and it is once you get other parts of your life in order .
ingredients4 eggs1/2 cup rice flour1/2 cup oatmealvanillin on the tip of the knifebaking powder 1 tspsoda 1/2 tspcocoa 2 tbspsweetener syrup jerusalem artichoke3 bananas180 g cottage cheese in a pack200 g soft curds200 g curd cheese50 ml milk5 grams gelatingrated bitter chocolate ( 1-2 slices ) 1/2 cup kefirml * 1 cup-350preparation1 . pechem biscuit : separate the yolks from proteins , whisk the whiskers until firm peaks .2 . mix yolks , flour , kefir , baking powder , cocoa , soda , vanillin , sweetener3.enter the parts of the protein , gently stir , pour into the form . . bake at 180gr 40-50 minutes .4 . let the cooked biscuit cool . gently pruning and leaving the walls about 1.5 cm , cut the middle of the cake . from the scraps make a crumb .5 . cream : pour gelatin with milk , heat in a microwave until dissolution , but do not boil . blend with a blender a mixture of cottage cheese , soft curds , curd cheese , vanillin , sweetener , add gelatin , beat up a little , pour grated chocolate.cook into the refrigerator for a while .6 . banana laid tightly on the cake ( you can cut along , i spread the whole ) .7 . up top put the cream on the cap8 . sprinkle with sponge cake . allow the cake to stand in the refrigerator for a couple of hours . bon appetit !
kebabs are good , but it 's a deep fried version that has got people talking . if you have n't seen the new avengers : infinity war , there happens to be a scene set in edinburgh , scotland where elizabeth olsen ( who plays wanda ) and paul bettany ( vision ) have a conversation front of a kebab shop . but it 's not the conversation people are obsessing over . it 's the damn sign that says " we will deep fry your kebab , " complete with a scottish saltire flag under it . yes , the sign actually says that . so yeah , people think it 's pretty damn awesome . and by people , we 're pretty sure they 're just scots , or at least scots at heart . ok , you 're probably wondering by now : do people in scotland actually deep fry kebabs ? well , the scots deep fry a lot of things ( hello , pizza crunch and deep-fried mars bars ) , but it seems to be more of a joke about scottish cuisine . but it would n't be surprising if there was a chippy ( a fish and chip shop ) out there doing it . there was glasgow 's stonner kebab from a few years back , which was a pork sausage wrapped in doner kebab meat , battered then fried . it 's also worth noting that the kebab shop in the movie , hüsnü , was unfortunately only a film set . in real life , it 's a vintage jewellry store called miss katie cupcake . being scotland though , they 're probably hiding a deep fryer out back . [ h/t junkee ]
a hong kong policeman has been arrested for allegedly indecently assaulting a woman less than a year and a half after he was suspended for trespassing in the women ’s changing room at a police station . the 36-year-old constable , who was formerly from the new territories north region ’s quick reaction force , was picked up in tai po on suspicion of assaulting a 21-year-old woman inside the building where he lived . the incident took place in fu shin estate at about 12.30 am on sunday . a police source said security footage showed a man who looked like the officer had shared a lift in the building with the victim . the man allegedly assaulted her in a public area soon after she stepped out of the lift . the officer was arrested on monday afternoon . the officer , who joined the force in may 2009 , had previously been suspended from duty over a separate incident at the new territories north regional headquarters in tai po on december 30 , 2016 . the source said the constable claimed on that day that he had a headache and could not take a shift . he said he needed to go to the men ’s changing room for a rest but was later seen in the women ’s changing room , while two female officers were inside . they reported the incident to their superiors . the constable claimed he was in the room to look for a lost item . the source said police legal advisers from the department of justice found there was insufficient evidence in this case to raise a criminal charge . the department then launched a disciplinary review . the officer was suspended on january 4 last year , while a disciplinary proceeding involving six charges against him was ongoing . it was expected to be concluded in august this year . a police spokesman said the department attached great importance to the conduct of police officers and would not tolerate any illegal acts .
hong kong is battling to “ address gaps ” in the fight against dirty cash as it struggles to tackle a mountain of money laundering reports that have piled up in recent years , a landmark government report released on monday night has revealed . two days after it emerged that the city ’s financial system is groaning under a deluge of suspicious transaction reports , mostly from banks , an official risk assessment of the challenges hong kong faces has described the rise in money laundering reports as “ significant ” . the “ hong kong money laundering and terrorist financing risk assessment report ” was released by officials on monday night , less than two days after the post revealed the burgeoning problem the city now has with suspicious financial transactions linked to local , national and international criminal enterprises . produced by the financial services and treasury bureau , the release of the 132-page report came as local authorities prepared for a major audit of the city ’s anti-money-laundering capabilities by a team from the paris-based international dirty money watchdog , the financial action task force ( fatf ) . that audit team is expected to arrive in hong kong at the end of october to conduct a detailed investigation into how well , or otherwise , the city is faring in its battle against the increasingly sophisticated methods global criminal and terrorist networks use to hide and clean dirty money . the report outlines the “ threats and vulnerabilities facing various sectors in hong kong and the city as a whole ” by money laundering , and identifies areas of improvement and the steps being taken to address what is acknowledged to be an international problem . it also makes a de facto admission that the current , local anti-money-laundering regime is under stress but that solutions are being pursued . “ the number of suspicious transaction reports received by the joint financial intelligence unit has risen significantly over the past five years , ” the report said . “ the rapid growth in [ suspicious transaction reports ] reflects a growing awareness of money laundering and terrorist financing but presents challenges to the jfiu in terms of handling capacity . ” “ certain gaps in anti-money-laundering and counter terrorist financing legislation vis-à-vis the financial action task force recommendations were identified in the process of conducting the risk assessment , following which legislative exercises have been pursued to address the gaps , ” it added . hong kong is a member of the fatf . detailing its fight against dirty money and pointing out that as “ an international finance , trade and transport hub with strong links to mainland china ” , hong kong is exposed to an array of money laundering threats . the report also pinpointed four areas to shore up . it said the government would work on “ updating the legal and regulatory framework , reinforcing the adoption of a risk-based approach in preventive and supervisory measures , stepping up efforts to restrain and confiscate crime proceeds , and strengthening international cooperation ” . at the weekend , the post reported that in 2017 the joint financial intelligence unit – effectively a clearing house for reports of suspicious activity filed by banks and other financial institutions – received 92,115 reports of transactions with suspected links to money laundering or terrorist financing . in 2011 , the figure was just 20,287 .
there are just two photos in here that we need to talk about . the first picture , of the cat standing upright , is truly unsettling . it 's not that the feline is walking on its hind legs , but the look in its eyes that says cats just may very well walk around like this whenever humans are n't looking . the other picture we need to discuss is the cops catching the gator . are people in florida always this calm while hunting alligators ? we need answers , but we probably wo n't be getting any , so just enjoy the very funny images . scroll through to see 14 funny pictures that are too bizarre to explains . let us know in the comments which ones really boggled your mind . 1 . cats actually always walk like this when you 're not around 2 . when you party a little too hard 3 . think the driver 's alright ? 4 . when you hire someone to put your ikea bed together 5 . how people see you vs. how you see yourself 6 . the worst attempt at opening wine you 'll ever see 7 . when you 're too lazy to take out your own trash 8 . i 'd buy his album 9 . would you get your haircut in one of these ? 10 . a wolf howling into the sky 11 . when you go down south to escape the cold ... 12 . they seem so relaxed while wrangling a gator 13 . speaking of crocodile hunters 14 . should somebody alert the authorities ? which of these did you think was the most odd ?
new delhi : a 26-year-old man was shot dead by unidentified assailants in dwarka 's baba haridas nagar area on sunday night , with cops claiming they have arrested the culprit.the deceased was identified as 26-year-old jitender kumar , who used to drive a private bus at the gurugram – bahadurgarh route for a living.according to police , the incident took place around 11.30 pm on sunday after kumar left his house for work.on his way , he was intercepted by three bike-borne men who fired over a dozen rounds at him from close range , resulting in kumar sustaining six bullet injuries.a passerby spotted kumar and made a pcr call , after which he was rushed to hospital where he was declared brought dead.police immediately began investigation , and based on cctv footage of the area and the statement of two eyewitnesses , they managed to trace the accused and arrested him.the accused reportedly confessed to the shooting , claiming that there were tensions brewing between him and kumar over getting passengers for their respective buses . " the two would often fight for passengers on the same route . they would also get into physical altercations , which would be broken up by locals , " said a police officer
near the villarrica volcano sits the casa hualle . the house was built by ampuero yutronic , an architecture and design studio brought together by javier ampuero ernst and catalin yutronic . the house draws inspiration from the andes mountains that surround it — more specifically from the active volcanoes of the andes . the exterior of the house is clad in timber slats that have been stained to resemble the dark volcanic stone common in the area . the color may seem like an odd choice , but it actually helps the house to fit in with other homes in the area , which commonly use the volcanic stone for the exteriors of their homes . the overall shape of the home is a two-story parallelogram . in the northeast corner of the home , the roof slants up , resembling the pitched roofs of most homes , while the rest of the home is flat roofed , which accents the peaked portion even more and breaks up the straight lines and right angles that dominate the rest of the house . the two-story construction allows for single and double height spaces . windows seemed to be randomly placed from the outside , but inside you discover that they are in strategic locations so that they serve as frames for the picturesque setting . while the outside is dark , the inside contrasts nicely with the light color of washed plywood . the house stands out against the freshwater lakes and temperate rainforests of the area — much like the neighboring mountains and volcanoes .
ready for another update in the ongoing saga between miranda lambert , staci nelson , blake shelton , and even felker ? cool , so are we ! according to people , miranda 's new boyfriend evan " blindsided " his estranged wife staci nelson with a divorce filing in february — after he and miranda got flirty via text and he eventually joined her livin ' like hippies tour . " they had never met and she had started texting him about looking forward to playing together and getting to know each other and maybe they could write because she really liked his writing sort of thing , " the source said . " it started very much about work . he was completely thrilled . by the time he was leaving for tour , it had become a lot flirtier . " people 's source claims that evan knew he 'd crossed a line and showed his wife the texts with miranda — but ended up joining her on tour regardless because of the impact it could have on his career . the thing is , they were only supposed to be on the road together for three days.fyi , this is what evan looks like . " [ people are ] making it seem like , ' oh , they got close while they were on tour together , ' as if the tour was six months long , but it was three days , and the first two of those he was still acting like he was in love with his wife , " the source says . " [ evan ] did n’t even call home the third night . " things reportedly got even more tense when evan skipped his flight home and informed his wife via email that he was going to continue traveling with miranda . eventually , the source says he " full-on ghosted " her and filed for divorce in february , only coming clean about his feelings in march . " [ he ] laid it all on the table , like , ' surprise ! ' " the source explained . " he ’s always the kind of guy where if he screws up he comes clean . " staci seemingly broke her silence last week on insta stories , sharing a sad-looking selfie and the caption " psa : if staci felker can make it through this week , so can you . " meanwhile , blake shelton seemingly called miranda out on twitter , and her ex-boyfriend jeff allen called blake out as a result . honestly , we 're exhausted .
you know that music that makes you want to get a little crazy and put your foot through the wall ? that ’s the type of energy that punk-garage band stringer brings in their new single “ ghosts . ” with a song title like that , i would expect something a little dark and morbid , but “ ghosts ” makes me want to shake my hair out and dance . stringer is a new york-based band that recently signed with la ’s wiretap records . wiretap will be releasing stringer ’s debut lp this summer , and “ ghosts ” is just the first single from the album . already , the band shows that they know music and they know fun . they have the rock and roll spirit , something hard to find in music these days . but the song is more than a care-free tune , it carries an intriguing message . max kagan , the frontman for stringer , said , “‘ ghosts ’ is a song about growing up in new york , watching your city change and feeling nostalgic for the ‘ good ole days , ’ while at the same time being resentful of those all too familiar complaints , the tired observations and the cottage industry that is new york nostalgia . ” thematically , the song is about home and the roots we plant . in the same way , i think that musically , stringer taps into the roots of the angsty punk attitude . kagan proves that when he later said , “ really makes ya think , but you should n’t think you should jump around and smash things . ” stringer ’s music exemplifies pure punk i ca n’t help but draw a stylistic parallel between stringer and the surf/skate punk band fidlar . the vocal patterns are similar , with an energetic hollering , and several backup vocalists . the vocals resemble pure punk and are really the cornerstone of the song . “ ghosts ” is a song you could imagine being played live at a skate park or house party . it ’s accompanied with a rising guitar solo that absolutely steals the show . the music is produced remarkably well for a newer band , too . overall , the song is fantastic , and i ca n’t wait to hear the rest of their lp .
i thought i will never love again till i found you . now i have the reason to be grateful for the love we shared . you are and would ever be my endless love.the story of my life will never be complete without the mention of your love , care and understanding . each chapter will ever tell the story of your love for me.the way you are and the things you do , makes me love you . i love you the way you are and for the love in you , my heart is dedicated to loving you.if i could paint the colour of love , then i would have painted you . but since love grows in the heart , there i have painted a true picture of your love that never fades.your love is like the gift of valentine and your caring is like the joy of christmas . i have gotten both and now i can not be the same without the gift of you.i love you more than the stars in the sky . if you can count the stars , then you can count my love for you . if not then know that i will always love you.to you i make this vow that i will always be there for you . i shall forever keep my vow because your love has given me the heart to love you till the end.if a million souls gather within the crowd , i will still find you . you are like an unhidden treasure that none else could find except me that was meant for you.your love has made me a star and now , i am not ashamed of loving you the way you are . you are a blessing and a rare gift to my soul.i wish i could touch the sky then i would have written your name on it that the world would see and adore the beauty of your love for me.your worth is irreplaceable . your care and kind-heartedness are priceless . your love and smile are irresistible . you are a diamond that never fades.you are my beauty in the sun , my moonlight in the dark , my charming love every day of the year . truly , nothing can faulted your love ; angel of my life.honey is sweeter but your love is the sweetest . gold has a price tag but your love is priceless . if i have to choose between them , i rather will choose you.my love , your beauty is more than the dawn of a new day . you are like a priceless treasure created in the image of royalty . i love you just the way you are.in my heart , your love has filled a space that no one can fill . i have kept that space for you and no one in this world can take that away from you.i needed no second thought to know that your love is real . right from the first day i saw you . i have made up my mind to love you just the way you are .
i adore your love that glitter in my heart like gold . i adore your smile that could melt any king ’s heart . in all , i adore you that was made for me.when i close my eyes all i see is your love and when i open it , all i still see is your love . your love is so beautiful and for that , i shall forever adore you my love.your affection is like the warm of the morning air . your care is second to none . your charisma is so infectious . truly , you make me feel loved and wanted.you brought joy and sunshine into my life and now i am a better person because of you . if i am to love again , none else will i choose but you , love of my life.the joy of you gladdens my heart . i feel loved when i see you . nothing can take your place , for the love of you ; i am like a king with a crown.when i see you smile , my heart is gladden . your smile is all i need to make my heart glad . smile and keep smiling . i love you the more when i see you smile.the love of you is like peace in trouble time , the thought of you is like a taste of honey in the mouth while loving you is like living in joy and happiness.every passing day i see your love renewed in my heart to love you like never before and how happy i am that you gave me the reason to love again.let my love wake you up and may her joy fills your heart . let it make you smile with a hidden peace of mind and may you always feel the warm of my love.may you ever be blessed . may you ever be a shining light . may your love ever be a worthy example for others to emulate . may your love always be mine.i appreciate the love we share for my life is a blessing because you love me . when i think about our love , i blessed the day you came into my life.blessed to be a blessing , your love has blessed me with all the good tiding of life . i am happy knowing in you , i found ever reason to love again.when love seems to lose its true meaning , i shall find solemn in yours that we share . yours is kind-hearted and a sure blessing that has blessed my soul.if there is another day , month or year . if there is another sun , moon or star . there will never be another you . you are a gift that can never be replaced.love brought us together and made for us a home that love reigns . i am so glad to find a perfect home of love in you .
love is the key to all act of deep happiness . find for yourself what gives you joy and make sure you are at it all the time to help you fulfill your purpose.when you do the things you love , you will find yourself withdrawing from the things that can make you sad and as a result brings about loneliness.trust in your creator to overcome every act that brings loneliness . you should n’t take this one for granted . it is all you need to drive away loneliness.life is all about reciprocation . when you learn to reciprocate an act of love and kindness done to you , then what you have done is to create the funnel that brings about a continuous flow of your blessings.in the process of getting to achieve our purpose , our tongue is what plays the ultimate role . life is governed by what we say . and when you keep saying it the right way , then you will keep getting the right result.the only thing that can motivate you to your success is nothing else but you . and the right way to do so is to guide your thought process . remember that you will always have what you say.when you keep doing what you know how to do best , then , for sure , you will keep winning all the way . winning in life requires you to solve a given problem . and those who are problem solvers are the ones who have their pockets filled with cash .
sometimes , when things do n't go your way , it 's easy to lose your cool . for instance , imagine you go to a popeyes , excited for their $ 4 meal special . but , once you arrive , you find out that meal does not include the drink you expected ! what would you do ? smash through a nearby window with a chair ? at least one woman from staten island , new york , can relate.surveillance footage from sunday , april 29 , shows an enraged woman flipping off employees and throwing a sign before smashing a window with a chair , all because she thought her meal was supposed to have a drink included . employees attempted to reason with the irate customer , saying she may have mistook their $ 4 meal deal for a similar special at wendy 's which does include a drink , but the situation had passed words . the nypd is calling on anyone who knows the woman to step forward , and believe her to be between 18 and 25 . charges against her probably include " failing to restrain one 's true feelings . " half of twitter was incredulous : the other half , however , was understanding : maybe we could all benefit from a few deep breaths the next time we visit a fast foo establishment . you never know whether things will turn out the way you expect , but replacing a window is almost definitely more expensive than a $ 4 meal , with drink or no .
in a somewhat unusual turn of events , blake lively has deleted all of her instagram posts , unfollowed everyone , changed her bio , and followed 27 people who share the same name . that name is emily nelson . and , her new bio reads : " what happened to emily ? ... " fear ye not , though . lively is ok . this rather peculiar act is all part of a rather elaborate stunt for her upcoming movie a simple favor , in which she stars alongside anna kendrick . the film tells the story of stephanie ward , a blogger ( kendrick ) whose best friend emily nelson ( lively ) disappears inexplicably . image : instagram / blake lively blake lively 's instagram profile looks distinctly bare currently , as she 's removed her profile picture and deleted all posts . her following list also looks very , very different . image : instagram / blake livelyone of the emilys followed by lively expressed confusion over her new follower . one fan took to twitter to admit she was a little baffled at the sudden change in lively 's instagram presence . lively is n't the first celeb to use instagram for enigmatic publicity stunts . back in 2017 , taylor swift posted a series of videos of snakes in the run-up to the launch of her reputation album . nonetheless , congrats to all the emily nelsons of the world !
ingredients : 2-1/4 cups sugar 3/4 cup baking cocoa 1/3 cup all-purpose flour 1 tablespoon instant coffee granules dash salt 3 cups milk 4 eggs , beaten 4 cups half-and-half cream 2 cups heavy whipping cream 3 tablespoons vanilla extractdirections : in a large heavy saucepan , combine the sugar , cocoa , flour , coffee and salt . gradually add milk and eggs ; stir until smooth . cook and stir over medium-low heat until mixture is thick enough to coat a metal spoon and reaches 160 ° , about 15 minutes . refrigerate until chilled . stir in the remaining in the remaining ingredients . fill ice cream freezer cylinder two-thirds full ; freeze according to manufacturer 's instructions . refrigerate remaining mixture until ready to freeze . remove from the freezer 10 minutes before serving.nutritional facts : 1/2 cup : 292 calories , 16g fat ( 10g saturated fat ) , 104 mg cholesterol , 71 mg sodium , 30g carbohydrate ( 26g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 5g protein.makes : 20 servingstotal time : prep : 35 min . + chilling process : 20 min . / batch + freezing
ingredients : 4 cups whole milk 2 cups sugar 1/3 cup baking cocoa 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour 1 large egg , lightly beaten 2 large egg yolks , lightly beaten 2 cans ( 12 ounces each ) evaporated milk 2 tablespoons vanilla extract whole milkdirections : in a large saucepan , heat milk to 175 ° ; stir in the sugar , cocoa and flour until dissolved . whisk a small amount of the hot mixture into the egg and egg yolks . return all to the pan , whisking constantly . cook and stir over low heat until mixture reaches at least 160 ° and coats the back of a metal spoon . remove from the heat . cool quickly by placing pan in a bowl of ice water ; stir for 2 minutes . stir in evaporated milk and vanilla . press waxed paper onto surface of custard . refrigerate for several hours or overnight . fill cylinder of ice cream freezer two-thirds full ; add enough milk to fill cylinder 3/4 full . freeze according to the manufacturer ’s directions . refrigerate remaining mixture until ready to freeze . when ice cream is frozen , transfer to a freezer container ; freeze for 2-4 hours before serving.nutritional facts : 1/2 cup : 148 calories , 4g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 44 mg cholesterol , 44 mg sodium , 25g carbohydrate ( 23g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 4g protein.makes : 20 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + chilling process : 20 min . / batch + freezing
boeing and nasa are working together in order to build the space launch system ( sls ) . the rocket is believed to be capable of transporting humans and cargo into deep space . according to reports , the rocket is estimated to be the most powerful rocket system ever built . boeing also set up a promotional website for the rocket in which it calls out elon musk ’s company spacex , calling the falcon heavy too small for deep space exploration . “ the falcon heavy launch turned heads in february , but spacex ’s rocket is a smaller type of rocket that ca n’t meet nasa ’s deep-space needs , ” the statement on boeing ’s site reads , in which the aerospace giant called the spacex falcon heavy too small for deep space . “ once the boeing-built sls is operational , it will be the most powerful rocket ever built . ” such statements of the aerospace giant come after nasa ’s head of human spaceflight , bill gerstenmaier , reportedly said in march that the sls will be equipped with certain “ unique capabilities ” that the falcon heavy lacks at the moment , ars technica reports . after making those claims , gerstenmaier could n’t explain why nasa needed the sls , as it ’s still in the building process and yet to make something that can take advantage of mentioned “ unique capabilities , ” ars technica noted . according to the report , it ’s strange that boeing speaks of the sls as if it ’s going to be built and ready for launch in the near future . in reality , the booster stage is not going to be capable of flight for at least two years . furthermore , the rocket wo n’t come anywhere close to the “ most powerful rocket ” tag , as the report notes . right now , the rocket with the “ most powerful rocket ” tag is still saturn v , which nasa used during the apollo missions when sending men to the moon . the rockets were capable of carrying 118 metric tons into low earth orbit ( leo ) . the first sls rocket will be capable of lifting 70 tons to leo , that is a tad higher compared to the 64 tons of the falcon heavy . other , higher configurations of the sls estimate that the rocket will be capable of lifting 105 tons , which is expected to be achievable in the mid 2020s . moreover , it will cost the space agency billions of dollars . as the report notes , the 130-ton configuration of the sls , “ the most powerful rocket ever , ” does n’t have a timetable and it ’s unknown when it ’s going to get built . that being said , some time is going to pass until the company can really call the falcon heavy too small for deep space . right now , elon musk , the spacex ceo is focusing on building his big falcon rocket ( bfr ) launch system , which is , as he says , going to take humans to mars and be capable of carrying 150 tons of cargo aboard . the first timetable for the bfr is 2022 , when the tool will carry 150 tons of cargo to mars . in 2024 , the bfr is planned to carry the first crew to the red planet , ready to colonize it . additionally , just like the falcon 9 rockets , the bfr is going to be entirely reusable .
at tnw conference , our speakers are tech industry experts talking to thousands of attendees . it ’s great for getting those big ideas out there but what if you want to dig a little deeper into a topic ? if you ’ve always dreamed of being a speaker at tnw conference but want to do it on a more intimate level — we ’ve got you covered . start an in-depth discussion and speak to a small crowd by joining our engage sessions . we ’re looking for innovative thought leaders to host their own roundtable . our engage sessions let you speak to nine attendees – most of whom industry decision-makers – on a topic of your choosing . share your wealth of knowledge , gain exposure , and get a free ticket to tnw conference this may . seriously ? yeah . we ’re inviting cool leaders who are at the forefront of technological innovation to join our engage sessions . if you have something interesting to say , apply now . if you ’re selected , you ’ll also be able to bring a guest for free . by sharing your knowledge and ideas , you can make lasting connections with businesses and investors — but the greatest advantage is the opportunity to hear the insights of your audience . it ’s up to you to attract the right people to your session . the best way to do that is to send in a great application . what we ’re looking for there ’s no exact formula — an interesting speaker comes from all walks of life . that being said , there are a few ground rules . align your talk to one of our conference tracks show us that your topic provides relevance and engagement do n’t turn it into a product pitch read the engage sessions guide if you ’re interested , send in your application . we ’re super excited to engage with interesting speakers , and let the world do the same . we ’ll review your application and get back to you as soon as we can . see you in amsterdam !
last night , blake lively made a dramatic move on instagram : like taylor swift before her , blake purged her feed of , well , everything.she also unfollowed everyone , including husband ( and frequent insta-comments jokester ) ryan reynolds . well , almost everyone — blake now follows just 28 people , all of whom are named emily nelson.so ... why?well , it all relates to the game of hangman the actress was playing on social media yesterday . blake posted multiple instas ( which , of course , have now been deleted ) until commenters finally filled in the blanks to solve the game . the answer : " what happened to emily ? " a quick trip to blake 's imdb page explains the game of hangman and her instagram purge : the actress is appearing in a simple favor alongside anna kendrick , out this september . according the imdb , the movie " centers around stephanie ( anna kendrick ) , a mommy vlogger who seeks to uncover the truth behind her best friend emily 's ( blake lively ) sudden disappearance from their small town . " so , mystery solved : in the same way taylor swift cleared out her instagram to signal that " the old taylor is dead " before the release of " reputation , " blake lively deleted all traces of her social past as a marketing stunt . effective ! dramatic ! but ... what will happen to all those great outfit shots ?
ingredients : 1 cup sugar 1 cup milk 1 egg , beaten 3-1/3 cups heavy whipping cream 1/4 cup instant vanilla pudding mix 1-1/2 cups finely chopped fresh or frozen peaches , thawed 2 teaspoons vanilla extractdirections : in a large saucepan , combine sugar , milk and egg . cook over low heat until mixture is just thick enough to coat a metal spoon and a thermometer reads at least 160 ° , stirring constantly . do not allow to boil . remove from heat immediately . quickly transfer to a large bowl ; place bowl in a pan of ice water . stir gently and occasionally for 2 minutes . press plastic wrap onto surface of custard . refrigerate several hours or overnight . stir in cream , pudding mix , peaches and vanilla into custard . fill cylinder of an ice cream freezer two-thirds full . freeze according to manufacturer 's directions . ( refrigerate any remaining mixture until ready to freeze . ) transfer ice cream to freezer containers , allowing headspace for expansion . freeze 2-4 hours or until firm . repeat with any remaining ice cream mixture.note : this recipe may need to be frozen in batchesmakes : 5 servingstotal time : prep : 30 min . + chilling process : 20 min . + freezing
prince harry and meghan markle have some new neighbors . princess eugenie and her fiancé jack brooksbank have reportedly moved right next door to nottingham cottage , and now live in ivy cottage within kensington palace.people confirmed the news this morning , sharing that the happy couple moved to the three bedroom home at some point in april . eugenie had previously been living in an apartment within st. james ’s palace with her sister princess beatrice . princess eugenie and brooksbank have reportedly become quite close with prince harry and markle over the past few months . according to andrew morton 's new biography , meghan : a hollywood princess , the two brides-to-be have bonded " over a shared love of art , dogs and late-night macaroni suppers . " perhaps they 're also swapping wedding planning tips . like harry and meghan , eugenie and jack plan to marry in st. george 's chapel at windsor castle . their marriage will take place on october 12 of this year.in addition to being nearby meghan and harry , princess eugenie and brooksbank will also be a short distance away from prince william , duchess kate and the kids , making it easy to check in on prince george , princess charlotte , and little prince louis . moving in to ivy cottage marks the first time princess eugenie has officially lived with her fiancé . while living with one 's boyfriend before marriage used to be considered quite taboo , prince william and kate middleton lived together before tying the knot , and , of course , prince harry and meghan markle have been sharing nottingham cottage in the months leading up to their may 19 wedding .
ingredients : 1-1/2 cups heavy whipping cream 3 eggs 1-1/2 cups sugar 3 teaspoons vanilla extract 1-3/4 cups all-purpose flour 1 cup ground walnuts , toasted 2 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt frosting : 1-1/2 cups heavy whipping cream 1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1 cup sugar 1/8 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 jar ( 12 ounces ) raspberry preservesdirections : in a small bowl , beat cream until stiff peaks form ; set aside . in a large bowl , beat the eggs , sugar and vanilla until thick and lemon-colored . combine flour , walnuts , baking powder and salt ; fold into egg mixture alternately with whipped cream . pour into two greased and floured 9-in . round baking pans . bake at 350 ° for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely . in a small bowl , beat cream until stiff peaks form ; set aside . in a large bowl , beat the cream cheese , sugar and salt until fluffy . beat in vanilla . fold in whipped cream . cut each cake horizontally into two layers . place bottom layer on serving plate ; spread with about 1/2 cup frosting . top with second cake layer ; spread with half of the raspberry preserves . repeat layers . frost sides of cake with frosting . cut a small hole in the corner of a pastry or plastic bag ; insert ribbon tip # 47 . fill bag with remaining frosting ; pipe a lattice design on top of cake . using star tip # 32 , pipe stars around top and bottom edges of cake . store in the refrigerator.note : use of a coupler ring will allow you to easily change pastry tips for different designs.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 476 calories , 26g fat ( 14g saturated fat ) , 117 mg cholesterol , 214 mg sodium , 58g carbohydrate ( 45g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 5g protein.makes : 16 servingstotal time : prep : 30 min . bake : 25 min . + cooling
surprise ! harry and meghan are getting some new neighbors — his cousin princess eugenie , 28 , and her fiancé jack brooksbank have moved into ivy cottage , right next door to harry and meghan . the house is near harry and meghan 's two-bedroom nottingham cottage , which is located on the kensington palace grounds . according to people , princess eugenie was living in an apartment at st. james ’s palace and moved into ivy cottage last month . eugenie is the younger daughter of prince andrew , harry 's uncle , and his ex-wife sarah ferguson ( a.k.a. fergie ) making eugenie and harry first cousins . coincidentally , eugenie and her husband are set to wed in october in the very same place as harry and meghan at st. george ’s chapel , windsor castle.also in the neighborhood : a number of queen elizabeth 's cousins . and of course , the duke and duchess of cambridge ( prince william and kate to you ) also reside on the kensington palace grounds , along with their ever-growing brood . might we have videos of meghan , harry , eugenie , and jack playing tag in the gardens with george , charlotte , and baby louis in our future ?
ingredients : 1-3/4 cups all-purpose flour 2/3 cup sugar 1 package ( 3.4 ounces ) instant pistachio pudding mix 2-1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 eggs 1-1/2 cups milk 1/2 cup vegetable oil 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 3/4 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips 1 cup cream cheese frosting green sprinkles and/or chocolate jimmiesdirections : in a large bowl , combine the flour , sugar , pudding mix , baking powder and salt . in another bowl , combine the eggs , milk , oil and vanilla . stir into dry ingredients until combined . fold in chocolate chips . fill foil or paper-lined muffin cups two-thirds full . bake at 375 ° for 18-20 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean . cool for 5 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely . frost and decorate as desired.nutritional facts : 1 each : 270 calories , 12g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 26 mg cholesterol , 245 mg sodium , 38g carbohydrate ( 26g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 3g protein.makes : 18 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . bake : 20 min . + cooling
prince louis 's birth certificate has officially been registered and signed by his father , the duke of cambridge . born on april 23 , 2018 at 11:01 a.m. , the prince is called by his official title " his royal highness prince louis arthur charles of cambridge " on the birth certificate.prince louis of cambridge 's birth has been officially registered . photo of his birth certificate , signed today by his father , prince william : pic.twitter.com/0zhjmkswye— cbc news alerts ( @cbcalerts ) may 1 , 2018 just like the birth certificates of both prince george and princess charlotte , the occupation of the duchess of cambridge is listed as " princess of the united kingdom , " even though she does not officially carry the title of " princess catherine . " kate middleton 's official title is her royal highness the duchess of cambridge , as listed under the name and surname part of the birth certificate.despite his mother 's occupation being the same , there is one major difference between prince louis 's birth certificate and those of his older siblings , prince george and princess charlotte.take a look at prince george 's official birth certificate from 2013 . now , here is what princess charlotte 's looks like . while both of his older siblings had their birth certificates written out by hand , prince louis 's is typed out . as you can see , the deputy registrar who filled out both prince george and charlotte 's birth certificates has the same name and handwriting . however , prince louis 's is signed by a different deputy registrar , so it appears that it 's just a simple matter of preference by the person who holds the job at the time whether to type it out or write it up by hand , or perhaps protocols have changed within the registrar 's office over the past few years .
in a recent report from nbc news , current and former white house officials told the news network that john kelly , the white house chief of staff , has said women are " more emotional " than men — proof he clearly has n't been paying any attention to his own boss : james comey memos just out and show clearly that there was no collusion and no obstruction . also , he leaked classified information . wow ! will the witch hunt continue ? — donald j. trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) april 20 , 2018 it would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened ! witch hunt ! — donald j. trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) may 1 , 2018 the white house correspondents ’ dinner was a failure last year , but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it . the filthy “ comedian ” totally bombed ( could n’t even deliver her lines-much like the seth meyers weak performance ) . put dinner to rest , or start over ! — donald j. trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) april 30 , 2018 four current and former officials confirmed kelly said this to aides " multiple times , " including once in front of president trump . however , white house spokespeople told nbc that kelly has n't had a negative effect on female staffers , though they admitted kelly possibly did say women were more emotional ; one of those spokespeople also agreed and said , " generally speaking , women are more emotional than men . " kelly also made some remarks back in february when domestic abuse accusations surfaced against rob porter , who was then the white house staff secretary . kelly reportedly asked how much porter " would have to endure " and wondered why his ex-wives " would n't just move on . " ( i 'd comment on this , but as a woman , i fear i would get too emotional , you know ? ) nbc news also reported that a few current and former white house officials believe kelly will leave by july and that it 's clear " both trump and kelly seem to have tired of each other . " is it possible kelly has tired of trump 's own relentless outbursts and emotional tirades ? who knows . but if you 're a woman , please grab a gigantic box of tissues and read the full report , here .
ingredients : 1 package white cake mix ( regular size ) 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream , divided 1 cup ricotta cheese 1 cup confectioners ' sugar 1/2 cup mascarpone cheese 1/4 teaspoon almond extract 1/2 cup chopped pistachios 4 ounces white baking chocolate , chopped white chocolate curlsdirections : prepare cake mix batter according to package directions . fill paper-lined jumbo muffin cups three-fourths full . bake according to package directions for 24-28 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely . in a small bowl , beat 1/2 cup cream until stiff peaks form ; set aside . in a large bowl , combine the ricotta cheese , confectioners ' sugar , mascarpone cheese and extract until smooth . fold in pistachios and the whipped cream . cut the top off each cupcake . spread or pipe cupcakes with cheese mixture ; replace tops . in a small saucepan , melt white baking chocolate with remaining cream over low heat ; stir until smooth . remove from the heat . cool to room temperature . spoon over cupcakes ; sprinkle with chocolate curls . refrigerate leftovers.nutritional facts : 1 each : 786 calories , 48g fat ( 21g saturated fat ) , 81 mg cholesterol , 565 mg sodium , 78g carbohydrate ( 53g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 13g protein.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 50 min . bake : 25 min . + cooling
movies when harper ’s two best friends tag along on her work trip to barcelona , they ditch work and fly to ibiza for harper , who against her better judgement , falls for a hot dj . meet harper : she ’s a single thirtysomething new yorker with awesome friends she loves and a dead-end job she hates . so when her controlling , condescending , germophobic nightmare of a boss sends her on a business trip to barcelona , harper jumps at the chance to shake up her routine . flanked by her two best pals , harper lets loose in the land of sangria , where a bit of surprising body graffiti leads to a flirty encounter with a famous dj . netflix film , ibiza is a wild romantic-comedy adventure with female friendship as its beating heart . it stars gillian jacobs ( love , community ) , vanessa bayer ( snl ) , phoebe robinson ( 2 dope queens ) , and richard madden ( game of thrones ) , and is directed by alex richanbach ( we are young ) from a script by his fellow funny or die veteran lauryn kahn ( making her feature screenwriting debut ) . gary sanchez productions ’ will ferrell , adam mckay , and kevin messick , along with nathan kahane and erin westerman of good universe , are producers . good universe ’s kelli konop and kahn executive produces . ibiza premieres globally on netflix may 25 , 2018 . ibiza trailer + poster related topics : ibiza , netflix
the world first caught a whiff of justin tyme on the timeless classic “ get off the ground ” among legends like sean price , lil fame of m.o.p , dj premier , the snowgoons and termanology . a few millions youtube views later , questions arised on , who is this wordsmith taking credits for setting up such a raw purified piece of signature 90 ` s hip hop backed up by a vivid video clip right in the epicenter of new york ` s underground scene ? on may 1st , 2018 tyme feels it ` s the time is right for a repeat and answering this question by letting off “ lessons ” , another classic with more illustrious lyricists like no other than the master of complex substanceful rhyme-schemes himself , the great pharoahe monch , up and coming female mc sensation intelligenz and the new era soul star daniel skyhigh mcclain on a soulful nottz production . “ lessons ” sets the tone for the upcoming album release “ tymeless ” this summer , which will be backed up by hip-hop icons like ras kass , statik selektah and rakaa of dilated peoples . get a glimpse of “ tymless ” with the first release “ lessons ” , a mindful and timeless piece of hip hop art craft .
big mother gig are back and proclaiming they are well past the sell date . the los angeles based and milwaukee bred band formed in 1992 . they later broke up in 1996 when singer richard jankovich moved to new york . thankfully , their return finally arrived . the band returned from a 20 year hiatus in 2017 and they are still going strong . with the release of “ ( let ’s make ) compelling content , ” they prove that they are sticking to their strong rock and roll sound . the single , “ ( let ’s make ) compelling content , ” premiered on sirius xm ’s underground garage a few weeks ago and has done extremely well . big mother gig emphasize the importance of compelling content although the song is full of tongue in cheek messages , it still emphasizes how important musicians view making compelling content . in today ’s society full of clickbait and constant competition , it ’s important to stay on top of trends and keep the goal of relevancy . “ ( let ’s make ) compelling content ” is your classic rock song with angsty , punk lyrics and vibes . the intro comes in strong with an acapella “ we ’re well past the sell date , ” setting the appealing tone and mood of the song . the vocals are strong and raspy ; very rock and roll . the lively rhythm compliments the vocals and really gives it that compelling sound they talk about striving for . the guitar-heavy song gives us exactly what we want from a true punk influenced rock song . the bass gives it a lower , more intense and anthemic sound . although the lyrics explain being past the sell date , the instrumentals and vocals make this a timeless song . the sound and message is still relevant . “ ( let ’s make ) compelling content ” is a strong single with a hint of angst and lively rhythm . big mother gig are proving that they will continue their music journey stronger than ever .
art hangers . another interesting idea would be to use the hangers for their intended purpose but in a new and unique way . this , for example , is a wardrobe made of 20 wood hangers . they are hanging from black ropes and together form a piece with a sculptural appeal and a modern and unusual look.tree . if you want , you can also play with forms and shapes . this is a coat hanger tree made from several wooden hangers . it ’s an interesting-looking piece , although it ’s uncertain what it could be used for . also , it seems to occupy lots of space so it ’s not the best project for a small home . it might be a fun idea to try out next christmas.gifts display . here ’s another cute idea that you can use : an advent calendar . making one from a coat hanger is actually very easy . you just have to find a hanger that you like and decorate it for christmas . you can use christmas decorations or colored paper , ribbon , tape , anything you want.table . you could also get a little more crafty and make a coffee table using wooden coat hangers . the hangers need to have all the same dimensions and design . you ’ll need four hangers , pliers , a drill , bolt cutters and a round piece of glass which will serve as the top . remove the hooks from the hangers and then put the hangers together , creating the base of the coffee table . use clamps to keep them secure . drill the holes and slide the dowels through them and cut them . remove the clamps and add the glass top.add touch of color . if you would just rather use the coat hangers for their intended purpose , then you might want to at least give them a more colorful look . you ’ll need wire hangers , yarn , tape and scissors . tie the yarn right under the curve at the top of the hangers and wrap . make sure it ’s tight . use tape to keep it secure at the end.wall books storage . you could also use a coat hanger to make a small storage space for books or other items . you will first have to unfold the hander and then fold it in the desired shape . you can use pliers if you want . it wo n’t be able to handle large weights so be careful what you store in it . you can also paint the hanger if you want.oven mitts storage . i do n’t know about you but i always have trouble finding a good place to store my oven mitts in the kitchen . i do n’t if i should use a hook for each one of them or if i should try to find some other solution . of course , this should probably help . it ’s a great storage system made from a repurposed coat hanger . it has a nice pocket for storing all sorts of items and it ’s very useful in the kitchen but also in other spaces as well.in closet . if you do n’t have enough space in your closet for all the little accessories like scarves , gloves , etc. , then you should definitely use this idea as inspiration . take a coat hanger and some clothespins and you get a very simple and useful storage system for all your accessories . you can hang it anywhere.skirt hanger . this used to be a vintage skirt hanger but now it ’s an inspirational board . you can make something similar . you need a hanger and some retro clips . it ’s great for displaying all sorts of things like cards , photos , memos or notes . it ’s something you can make for yourself or as a gift for someone . it ’s fun and it ’s easy.wall display . here ’s a similar idea : use an old skirt hanger to make a beautiful wall display . you ’ll need lots of clips and a nice-looking hanger . you can display photos and all sorts of little treasures that are nice to look at . just find a spot for it and enjoy your new decoration . it takes no more than a few minutes to make and you can also improve on the design if you want.coat rack . this is one of the most ingenious and fun ideas . it ’s a coat rack made for a wooden board and a bunch of wooden coat hangers . the hangers have to be cut down and then attached to the board as you see in the picture . the hooks are mobile and you can use them for hanging bags and other accessories while the hanger itself can be used for coats.entryway holder . our last project could n’t be simpler . it ’s a diy upside down hanger . as you can see by yourself , all you have to do is pick a hanger that you like , preferably something simple and sleek , and hang it upside down . it will serve as a nice display piece and storage system for jewelry or small accessories but it can also be just an unusual decoration for the wall.want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
some women have an easy time getting pregnant . some women have easy pregnancies . some women have easy babies . some women have easy teenagers . no woman i 've ever met has had all four . and a mother 's day card is the perfect place to acknowledge that your mom has made a lot of sacrifices for you . so instead of letting hallmark do all the heavy lifting , get a card for mom that has some space for penning a personal message , and use these ideas as a jumping-off point . talk about the time you needed her most , and she was there.whether it was to cheer you on during a big game or cheer you up after someone broke your heart , devote a few sentences to how her presence boosted you up . and thank her for the support.say what you most adore about her.maybe she 's got a wicked sense of humor . maybe she never sweats the small stuff . maybe she is the most selfless person you 've ever encountered . whatever you love about her , make it known in the card.every mom has a story about her kids she remembers fondly . remind her of the one that always makes her laugh . bonus points if you can add something she did n't realize had also happened.write about a lesson she taught you.there 's probably been a situation when you handled things exactly as your mom would have , especially if you 're a parent , yourself . share the story , and end it with how appreciative you are that she influenced you in such great ways . in your years as someone 's child , you 've likely regretted doing something that upset or angered your mom . if you 've never owned up to it , take the opportunity to do so in the card . it may seem random , but your mother is sure to appreciate the gesture.tell her what you could n't have accomplished without her.every loving mother wants their children to achieve their goals . she 's probably helped you reach a few of yours . so call them out , emphasizing how it would n't have been possible if not for her . again , thank her . profusely .
the challenge for this 7,500 square foot home on a two acre , waterfront lot in north haven was to create a design that would take full advantage of the views across sag harbor to the southeast , while drawing late day sun through the house and onto multiple outdoor entertaining spaces as long as possible.entry to the house is gained by passing under a second floor bedroom wing – the ceremonial ‘ threshold ’ – into an open air courtyard , at which point the first views through a 1 ½ story glass great room reveal the patio spaces , pool and the harbor beyond.floor to ceiling , wall to wall glass panels open on both sides of the great room to create a true , indoor/outdoor lifestyle and allow the courtyard to expand the entertaining space for large events . a roof deck and outdoor fireplace over the one story wing allows for late day/early evening sunsets without interrupting views from any second floor spaces.the 8 bedroom , eight and a half bath house includes a gym , office , family room and multiple outdoor spaces and is clad in a combination of limestone panels , mahogany and glass .
" marvel presents ant-man &amp; the wasp - official movie trailer # 2 [ hd ] " synopsis : set after the events of " captain america : civil war " , scott lang tries to balance his home life as a father with his responsibilities as ant-man , when hope van dyne and hank pym present him with a new mission to bring to light secrets from their past , requiring him to team up with van dyne as the new wasp . starring : paul rudd , evangeline lilly , michael peña , walton goggins , bobby cannavale , judy greer , t.i. , david dastmalchian , hannah john-kamen , abby ryder fortson , randall park , michelle pfeiffer , laurence fishburne , michael douglaswriter/s : chris mckenna ( screenplay by ) , erik sommers ( screenplay by ) , andrew barrer ( screenplay by ) , gabriel ferrari ( screenplay by ) , paul rudd ( screenplay by ) , stan lee ( based on the marvel comics by ) , larry lieber ( based on the marvel comics by ) , jack kirby ( based on the marvel comics by ) director : peyton reed release date : july 6 , 2018copyright : © 2018 marvel studios/walt disney pictures/walt disney studios motion pictures
most people just use clothing and accessories to decorate themselves . but they can also serve as home decorations if displayed in the right way . here are a few ideas for bringing your personal fashion sense into your home décor.create an accessory wall . accessories like hats and purses , particularly those you might not wear often , can serve as interesting wall art . just hang a series of hooks on your wall and hang your hats or handbags from them . this can be particularly decorative if you have any antique hats or purses that you do n’t get to show off in person very often.use scarves as art . if you have any decorative scarves with cool colors or patterns , you can use a skirt hanger or two hooks to spread them out flat and display them . from a distance , it can just look like a painting or other piece of art . but you can easily change out your scarves whenever you decide to wear one.utilize dress forms . you can try hanging clothes on a wall hook like you would with the scarves or accessories listed above , but dresses and other clothing do n’t hang the same way as these accessories , so they might not look as good as they would on an actual person . but if you use a dress form , which can be found at sewing suppliers or antique stores , you can show off dresses or other clothing in the way they were actually intended to look.open up your closet . you do n’t necessarily have to pull clothing and accessories out of your closet in order to make them into decorations for your home . instead , you can simply make your closet itself into a display piece . if you do n’t have an enclosed closet , you can make do with some clothing racks out in the open that can display all the colors and patterns of your wardrobe . you can use shelves on either side of your racks to hold your shoes and other accessories . even if you do have an enclosed closet , you can still choose some of your favorite pieces to display out in the open.display shoes on shelves . shoes can be some of the most difficult accessories to store , so why not just make them into display pieces ? instead of hiding them under your bed or in boxes , put your shoes out on bookcases or other shelves . you can either have a dedicated case for shoes or just mix them in with your books and other items . displaying your clothing and accessories in your home can not only add your own personal sense of style , but it can also help you store items that might otherwise take up a lot of unnecessary hidden space . whatever your motives , the tips above can help you ensure that your home will be as well dressed as you are.want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
the popular battle royale game fortnite season 4 update is now rolling on the ios . earlier , the servers went down , suggesting the end of season 3 , and now , the ios season 4 update is live in the app store . epic games took to twitter to announce the server downtime , and the launch of season 4 . the developer also launched a video announcing season 4 . other than the patches and bug fixes , the developer has introduced new hero types , special rocks giving anti-gravity power and so on with the fortnite season 4 update . “ shards of a massive comet have crashed into the map altering the landscape . discover gravity-defying hop rocks and find new ways to play . jump in and witness the aftermath of impact while you level up your battle pass and earn all new loot , ” read the patch note of fortnite season 4 . further , the post says that the comet has left a mark on the island and players would find glowing rocks nearby . the comet , which was visible a few days back before the release of the update , has scattered the glowing rocks all around . “ consume them and lift off with low gravity ! ” read the patch note . in the season 4 , maps have also been changed along with the ios players ’ ability to drag and drop the inventory items . before the update , rumors were that the hero theme would be linked to dc in someway , and the design of the characters in epic ’s tweets also backed the idea . however , now when the superheroes have landed , there is no mention of dc . epic has also introduced some bug fixes to up the performance and optimization . however , these fixes are not meant for the players who have the iphone x. one of the most significant improvements made is “ low-end mobile performance by dynamically scaling background draw distances with player height . ” also , the input settings can be filtered based on the game mode . further , the settings have also been segregated into categories like combating , building and editing to ease the search process . the update also adds the icons for the tabs at the top of the settings screen . epic has also added the “ ignore gamepad input ” option in the accessibility settings tab to allow players to use external programs and remap their controller input . epic has set a different theme for all its seasons with the second one featuring the medieval themed skins and cosmetics , whereas season 3 was about the retro-futuristic styled space age goodness . however , the fortnite season 4 theme is still not known , and details would start rolling over as season 4 is adopted massively . season 4 has witnessed art releases such as magical headgear and a slew of intense glares . the additions make a lot of sense , clarifying the connection between the meteor and the new super heroes . like the previous seasons , epic games is offering season 4 for free . however , the players will have to buy the optional battle pass to avail the cosmetics and rewards . if a player decides to buy the pass later in the season , they would retroactively get the things that they would have brought at the start . the season 4 battle pass costs $ 10 or 950 v-bucks ( epic ’s in-game currency for fortnite ) . the season 3 battle pass also cost the same . the battle bundle , which consists of the pass and boost to rank 25 , would cost higher at about 2800 v-bucks . further , for $ 150 you can unlock the fortnite battle royale season 4 battle pass without having to earn it . “ the season 4 battle pass is here sporting 100 tiers of awesome new rewards , including new cosmetic items , emotes and sprays , ” the patch note says . the fortnite season 4 download size is 209.6 mb on the ios . it would be even bigger on the pc , ps4 and xbox one . players are not only interested in playing the free version , but are also spending money , and this is helping fortnite to make big money on the ios . earlier in april , it was making close to $ 2 million a day from the iphone users , according to sensortower . spending that kind of money on a video game comes as a surprise because any spending by the players is not helping them to play the mobile game , meaning it does not give them any advantage to win over other players . players can use the money to purchase outfits , gear and dance moves in the fortnite . also , these goods are only cosmetic , not virtual .
many people consider wild animals to be unpredictable and scary , but we are often proven wrong when these kinds of things happen . a hero bear goes into action and saves a drowning crow in this heartwarming rescue at the budapest zoo in hungary . the natural predator can be seen lounging inside his enclosure snacking on apples and carrots when he hears a cry for help . after noticing the bird in danger , the bear reaches into the water , lifts it by its wing , and drops the crow safely on the ground . the spectators watch in awe as the bear then carries on munching on his vegetable snacks , leaving the bird to catch its breath and fly away.altruism between such distantly-related species is not uncommon . one might think that the bear was actually excited to find something other than carrots and apples in his enclosure , but that is clearly not the case , as the ursine calmly goes back to nom on an apple , after dropping the bird on dry land . the funny thing is that people often forget that all of the animals , including humans , are made of the same cloth . we tend to be grumpy when we ’re hungry and we lash out on others , similar to what bears do out in the wild . surely , if the bear wanted to chew on something meatier , he would have ended that poor crow ’s life the minute he caught it in the water.although as of lately zoos get a bad reputation for keeping animals away from their natural habitat and keeping them under locks , their main goal is to educate people on the billions of different species living in the most remote places on earth , threatened by extinction by global warming or by the human hand , and luckily , every once in a while , they teach us that we may come in different forms , but we are all alike .
part of your closet organization is organizing your shoes . and unfortunately , getting your shoes all neat and tidy may be one of your hardest chores . you ’ve got to make sure the nicer ones are n’t nicked and you ’ve got to make sure your comfiest are the easiest to find . not to mention the fact that most people seem to have more shoes than anything else in the house … pair that with the clutter shoes provide and you ’ve got a problem on your hands ( especially with smaller closets ! ) . here are some ways to get all those shoes in order , in a stylish way of course ! 1 . recycle bins . take something like “ recycle bins ” and turn them into nifty storage for your shoes ! mail drops could do the same thing . they ’re enclosed and concealed from causing clutter ! { found on younghouse } .2 . pantries . when the shelves are slated , pantries can become instant shoe closets . buy mobile pantries and use them specifically for more shoe storage . with this , everything will be much easier to organize and you can shoe off your favorite pumps and sneakers .3 . crates on the wall . such a great idea for a foyer , garage or back door area . organize and tidy up your shoes by using crates ! on the walls or lined up on the ground , with different colors , crates are an easy way to keep neat with a bit of style too ! 4 . see the shoes . even if you keep your shoe boxes for storage , it does n’t exactly help . buy see-through shoe boxes that can be stacked and organized but you can also seen which shoes are in which box . this makes it easier to find and a bit more contemporary in style .5 . racks on the wall . put your racks on the wall . it ’ll be neat , easy to find and utilizes the space for more shoes ! and more clothes in the closet of course .6 . shoe hangers . talk about a way to utilize space ! grab some old wire hangers and start hanging ! get your shoes off the floor and display them .7 . bookshelves . i ’m stealing this idea for myself and wondering why i never thought of it before . bookshelves do n’t take up too much space but they create so much for room for shoes ! especially if you share a closet with a loved one . . who loves shoes as much as you do ! 8 . vintage ladders . repurpose ladders and use them to organize and display your shoes ! talk about stylish.want more craft ideas ? go to the channel diy - decor &amp; craft.also write in the comments of the topics that you like and i will try to find for you !
committing to a mobile contract can be daunting if you do n't like having strings attached . it also might leave you under the impression that you 'll end up paying over the odds . but if you do your homework , more often than not you can save money , spread out the cost and get the latest smartphone with the best tariffs for your 4g data , calls and texts . to save time on the heavy lifting , we have scoured the internet and handpicked the most up-to-date mobile contracts for the bestselling mobile devices this month , which includes the new samsung galaxy s9 , samsung galaxy s9 plus , apple iphone 8 product red , huawei p20 and huawei p20 pro . so sit back , relax and check out the latest offers for 24-month mobile phone contracts from the leading network providers below . top deals for samsung galaxy s9 image : samsungo2 , £ 32 p/m , 10gb data , £ 85 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 30p/m , 16gb data , £ 125 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 23p/m , 4gb data , £ 175 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 34p/m , 10gb , £ 50 upfront see this deal vodafone , £ 36p/m , 16gb , £ 50 upfront see this deal top deals for samsung galaxy s9 plus image : samsungvodafone , £ 55p/m , 16gb , £ 49 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 59p/m , 16gb data , £ 99 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 62p/m , 15gb data , £ 39.99 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 66p/m , 25gb data , £ 39.99 upfront cost see this deal ee , £ 73p/m , 60gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal top deals for iphone 8 product red 64gb image : applevodafone , £ 30p/m , 16gb data , £ 165 upfront cost see this deal ee , £ 53p/m , 8gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal ee , £ 58p/m , 20gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal ee , £ 68p/m , 60gb data , £ 10 upfront cost see this deal top deals for huawei p20 image : huaweivodafone , £ 23p/m , 4gb data , £ 100 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 24p/m , 4gb data , £ 175 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 35p/m , 16gb data , £ 9 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 34p/m , 10gb data , free handset see this deal top deals for huawei p20 pro image : huaweio2 , £ 34p/m , 10gb data , £ 100 upfront cost see this deal ee , £ 43p/m , 8gb data , £ 50 upfront cost see this deal vodafone , £ 47p/m , 16gb data , £ 49 upfront cost see this deal o2 , £ 48p/m , 25gb , free handset see this deal
she was left for dead and thrown away in a garbage bag , but now this adorable golden retriever mix is getting another chance at life - 6,000 miles away from where she almost lost it . chi chi was found outside a dog meat farm in south korea , where she had been strung up by her paws and stuffed with food to prepare her for slaughter . the bindings ate away at her flesh and soon it was only bone that chi chi was hanging from . the farmers deemed her meat unworthy and she was disposed of , all four paws rendered useless . but that was n't the end for chi chi . she was found by animal welfare group nabiya irion hope project , and her story began to spread.chi chi underwent a quadruple amputation , and amazed everyone when she was trying to walk just days later . ' we were n't even sure she was going to live , ' shannon keith , the president of animal rescue , media &amp; education ( arme ) , told the dodo . ' she was smiling and wagging her tail . then , a couple days later , she even started walking on her little stumps . ' as she underwent rehabilitation and began learning how to use prosthetic paws in seoul , a loving family from phoenix was following chi chi 's journey to recovery online.although they originally only planned to donate money , the howells soon realized they wanted to be chi chi 's forever home . ' i think ultimately , as we progressed with her story , we just felt a connection with her , ' richard howell told the associated press . ' chi chi is different . she might actually change the world . ' arme flew chi chi to los angeles , where she was greeted by keith . the pair then drove her to phoenix , where the howells were waiting for the newest addition to their family.they were immediately taken by the joyful and fiery dog , who got the chance to sniff grass for the first time in her life in the howells front yard . ' she has a will to live , ' megan howell , the family 's daughter , told cbs 5 az . ' she just loves people and she 's just so happy despite what happened to her in the past . ' chi chi is now spending her days walking and running around that backyard as she awaits her new prosthetic limbs , and surprising everyone with how little her past holds her back . ' i was sitting on a ledge , and she jumped up on it , ' keith told the dodo . ' i was like , " what ! this dog is amazing ! ' the howells , who have two other rescue dogs , are hoping to make chi chi a therapy dog once she completes her rehabilitation . they plan to take her to hospitals to visit soldiers and children who also had to undergo amputations . ' we want to use her story to make the lives of humans better , ' richard howell told the associated press . ' i think if we do that , we 're doing something positive in the world . ' meat farmers scare dogs because they believe the fear makes them taste better , but chi chi 's past life has proven to those around her the power of forgiveness - and resilience . ' she loves people and she loves being around people despite what she 's been through , ' elizabeth howell said . ' she 's happy , she 's loving , and we 're just so excited to have her be a part of our family . '' she has an amazing will to live . '
when animal friends foundation burgas were notified of a mother and daughter pair of huskies who has been abandoned on a major highway in bulgaria , they could have never anticipated what they were in for . the dogs , they were missing fur , covered with open wounds and appeared as if they had n’t eaten a proper meal for weeks!siberia , the mother , barely even resembled a husky . weighing only 30 pounds , she was skin and bones . her pup , alaska , did n’t look much better . her tiny body looked like an old , worn-out teddy bear.after days of walking the highway , hoping the hunger pangs would disappear , they were finally on their way to help . in the car , alaska and siberia just clung to each other the whole way.a new startwith their bodies covered in wounds and bald patches , it came as no surprise when the two dogs were diagnosed with ehrlichiosis and sarcoptosis ( a form of scabies ) . they were given strong medication and strong , rich food to help them to gain weight.alaska and siberia , while timid at first , were both sociable animals and used to human contact , which strengthens the belief that they once had lived in a home.veterinarians at the animal friends clinic started the pups on a regiment of antibiotics and a healthy diet to help their frail bodies recover from the evident trauma they had experienced during their time on the streets . slowly , but surely , this pair proved to be quite the force to be reckoned with and stayed happy and positive during their recovery.once they were strong enough , animal friends found a forever home for these two beautiful souls in germany . you wo n’t believe what they look like now : today , they are happy , sociable , healthy dogs and blessed with the most loving guardians . now , they look like real huskies , beautiful and wound-free and full of fur .
the vcs , the hat which atari ’s thrown into the retro console ring , will be available for pre-order at the end of the month after a year of speculation . the company has also finally revealed a few of the games which will be playable , although its description of what else the console will be capable of raises more questions than it answers . the details : vcs pre-orders officially open up may 30 on indiegogo . those who take advantage of the date will be able to pre-order either the black onyx version or the wood-front collector ’s edition . some packages will also come with a recreation of the classic joystick , as well as a more modern controller . according to atari , the first pre-orders will be shipped out early 2019 . the company has n’t specified what the price will be ( the creator said $ 250-300 last year ) , though it says the onyx will be available for $ 199 for a brief time . the fine print : atari insists its product is n’t a “ retrobox ” but rather “ retro-inspired . ” according to them , this means that the console wo n’t be restricted to a certain number of old games . instead , you can customize it with “ a vast array of games , media and streaming content options , ” whatever that means . as for the actual retro games , the vcs will come with the atari vault , a collection of over 100 games that includes asteroids , centipede , gravitar , missile command , and breakout . supposedly it will also be able to support modern games , as well as 4k resolution , hdr , 60 fps , and bluetooth . the next web ’s 2018 conference is almost here , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
justice has been served for the original queen elizabeth ii on the crown . following outrage that claire foy 's costar matt smith , who played prince philip , was paid more than she was because he was originally a " bigger name , " the mail on sunday reports that foy received £ 200,000 ( $ 272,466 ) in backpay from the show 's producers.the sum suggests that smith made roughly £ 10,000 ( $ 13,623 ) more than foy per episode if the goal was to equalize — though it has n't been reported whether the studio paid the actress a bit more than smith since she was the series star . foy was reported to make £ 29,000 ( $ 39,508 ) per episode before the bump.last month , smith suggested the studio had made things right in an interview with the hollywood reporter . " claire is one of my best friends , and i believe that we should be paid equally and fairly and there should be equality for all , " he said . " i support her completely , and i 'm pleased that it was resolved and they made amends for it because that 's what needed to happen . going forward , i think we should all bear in mind that we need to strive to make this better and a more even playing field for everyone involved — but not just in our industry , in all industries . " foy and smith will not be reprising their roles in the next season of the crown ; the show will be exploring the lives of its characters when they are older , so different actors have been cast . producers of the show made it clear going forward that the actress playing queen elizabeth ( starting in season 3 , olivia colman ) would be paid the most . " going forward , no one gets paid more than the queen , " executive producer suzanne mackie said at a conference .
on april 30 , the national dance institute ( ndi ) honored bebe neuwirth at its annual gala at the zeigfeld ballroom . the event — emceed by three-time tony award nominee terrence mann — raised $ 1.5 million , with all proceeds going to ndi 's arts education programs for new york city schoolchildren . new york city ballet principal dancer jacques d’amboise founded ndi in 1976 to bring dance opportunities to children of all backgrounds and abilities.the theme of the evening was " rivers , " and ndi children performed several routines — including “ dreamin ’ on the river , ” which paired dancers with physical and intellectual disabilities with mainstream students . an auction , featuring a pair of jacques d’amboise 's signed ballet shoes , was also held.attendees included mandy patinkin , charlotte d’amboise , frank wood , kathryn grody , american ballet theater dancer isabella boylston , and new york city ballet dancers daniel ulbricht , sterling hyltin , ashley boulder , and ask la cour , among others .1 of 7 bebe neuwirth attends the national dance institute ( ndi ) annual gala at the ziegfeld ballroom on april 30 , 2018 in new york city . 2 of 7 charlotte d'amboise and jacques d'amboise 3 of 7 ashley bouder , principal dancer at the new york city ballet 4 of 7 the ndi dancers perform at the gala 5 of 7 the ndi dancers ' routines featured a " river " theme . 6 of 7 carmen debbane speaks onstage . 7 of 7 the event raised $ 1.5 million , with all proceeds going to ndi 's arts education programs for new york city schoolchildren .
the premiere of dancing with the stars : athletes aired on monday nights and with a line-up full of mvp ’s , this season is sure to be anything but ordinary . this season of dwts will be different to the first 25 seasons , as it will be condensed into a smaller seasons that will only last four weeks . with that being said , judges will have to send home two couples every week to find out who will make it out on the top . while every couple brought out a high-intensity performance , there were two couples that made the best first impression on the judges . olympic figure skater adam rippon and jenna johnson had one of the two highest scoring performances . the duo performed the cha-cha to rupaul ’s “ sissy that walk ” . “ i ’m not a scientist , but we ’ve got chemistry , ” rippon says when it comes to his and johnson ’s performance . he kept up with johnson ’s footwork and brought the perfect amount of attitude to the dance floor . the couple scored a 24/30 points , however as the season continues we can expect their scores to rise . another crowd favorite was nfl cornerback josh norman and sharna burgess ’s cha-cha to “ finesse ” by bruno mars . norman admits to having no dance experience prior to the show , however his confidence shined through as he already had his shirt ripped open before the song even started . the judges point out that norman has the musicality and style that would help him rise to the top . the couple scored 24/30 , making them tied for first with rippon and johnson . at the end of the show the couples that were in the bottom were : tonya harding and sasha farber , who performed the foxtrot to “ when you believe ” by whitney houston and mariah carey , johnny damon and emma slater , who did the foxtrot to “ centerfield ” by john fogerty and jamie anderson and artem chigvintsev , who danced the viennese waltz to “ feeling good ” by avicii . ultimately , anderson and chigvintsev and damon and slater were sent home . the final eight couples will continue on to next week ’s competition on monday night on abc .
james taylor and bonnie raitt were scheduled to tour together , but raitt will need to miss out on the beginning of the tour due to medical reasons . bonnie raitt needs surgery , will miss first leg of tour raitt ’s official facebook page announced the news on monday , explaining the musician ’s “ medical situation ” demands she undergoes a surgery soon . she will therefore be unable to join taylor in the first portion of their tour . it ’s expected that she will recover in full , however , as her prognosis is “ good . ” the 68-year-old grammy winner plans to return for the tour ’s “ second leg , ” which will span the united states in june and europe in july . moreover , raitt herself expressed her disappointment , saying , “ i ’m deeply sorry to have to disappoint my fans , james and colleagues with these cancellations . i was so looking forward to our tour , but i ’m very grateful that the doctors feel this can be taken care of with surgery . i ’m feeling strong and am in great hands with my wonderful team . ”
carrie underwood definitely knows who her biggest fan is . she recently shared a video of her 3-year-old son , isaiah , cheering like crazy for her while she sang.underwood sang the national anthem for the nashville predators hockey team , where her husband , mike fisher , plays . and their son , isaiah , watched from the stands , jumping up and down and cheering for his mom . she wrote on instagram that isaiah rarely gets to hear her sing , since her concerts are past his bedtime . so this moment was especially sweet for her as a parent . “ my heart is happy , ” she wrote . read her full caption below : “ as a child , i wanted nothing more than to make my parents proud of me ... and now , as a mother , i want to make my child proud ... he never really gets to see me sing because he ’s in bed before i go on stage , but last night he was there to watch his daddy play ... and he also got see his mommy sing for a minute . thanks , @iveychilders for catching this little moment ... my heart is happy ... ❤ ” underwood and fisher have shown fans glimpses of little isaiah as he ’s grown , from adorable belly flops to working out with mom and going on a fishing trip with dad . he ’s also been the number-one fan of his father , wearing his own pint-sized fisher jersey and posing next to a photo of his mom on the wall of the arena . “ i wonder if he ’ll remember seeing his daddy play , ” underwood wrote on instagram . “ i sure hope so . ”
the white shark population monitoring and beach safety program was unanimously moved forward by the orange county commission on monday.assembly bill 2191 , if passed , would provide funding for additional great white population studies , educational outreach and research efforts . the bill was authored by assemblymember patrick o’donnell ( d-long beach ) along with long beach state university ’s shark lab.the goal of the bill would be to gain more understanding of california 's white shark population through satellite tagging and drone monitoring . the number of sharks has increased in recent years , requiring greater knowledge of how they may come into contact with surfers and others using the state 's beaches . “ for the last 10 to 15 years , we ’ve seen an increase in the number of white sharks , ” shark lab director chris lowe said in a release . " we believe this comeback is connected to environmental protections that were established several decades ago . the good news is that they are coming back . the tricky part is that we lack the tools to monitor them . ”
on the next arrested development , the bluths are back – and their old adventures are getting an update . arrested development creator mitch hurwitz announced tuesday via twitter that season 5 is on its way to netflix , and that season 4 – which garnered mixed reviews – will be recut , " remixed , " and available friday . in the announcement letter hurwitz said season 5 would be coming to netflix " soon . like real soon . like , if you knew when , you would not be wrong to be thinking ' why are we all just hearing this now ? ' " to give fans something to tide them over as they wait for season 5 and an official date announcement , hurwitz went on to explain the season 4 remix . when season 4 debuted on netflix in 2013 , the stories were presented nonlinearly – that is , viewers could watch them in any order and piece together the story that way , as opposed to a traditional tv narrative . the recut version will turn those 15 character-centric episodes into 22 episodes , a more traditional episode count for a tv season , and include all the bluths in every episode , like the original series . hurwitz said this version is " funny in a whole new way . " arrested development season 4 remix : fateful consequences premieres may 4 on netflix .
snapchat may have pioneered the " stories " format , but it 's instagram that 's taking it in new and exciting directions . at facebook 's f8 conference , instagram announced a new way for users to share content from third-party apps directly to stories . same goes for sharing to facebook stories . spotify and gopro will be the first two partners for this new stories integration . additionally , the app 's getting video chat , new augmented-reality camera effects from third parties , and a redesigned explore tab . what kind of content can instagram and facebook stories junkies expect to share from third-party apps ? for spotify , it 'll be a " sticker of songs , playlists , or albums you 're listening to " and for gopro , you 'll be able to share photos and videos taken with your gopro camera and saved into its respective mobile app . instagram says spotify 's stories integration will roll out to all of its users starting tomorrow . sharing to facebook stories is " coming soon . " video chat 's been a rumored feature for a while and now it 's finally coming . the feature will be accessible from within instagram direct , the messaging portion of the app . the coolest part is that you can minimize a video chat and continue to browse instagram . video chat will support up to four video feeds , split into quadrants as shown below . video chat is n't quite ready for everyone just yet . the company says it 's still testing the feature , but it 'll " roll out globally soon . " snapchat users love to boast about having the best face filters and stickers to spice up their snaps . not to be left in its dust , instagram 's opening stories up to third parties so that they can design their own camera effects . whether it 's an new face filter or augmented reality sticker , things on insta stories are going to get lit soon . accounts from the likes of ariana grande , baby ariel , liza koshy , vogue , buzzfeed , and the nba have already signed on to create fun effects . " that means you can try out kylie jenner 's favorite lip colors in your selfie , add a cloud of hearts and pomeranians to fluff up your photo , or turn any video into a nba dunkcam , " the company said in a press release . finally , there 's the redesigned explore tab . ask anyone and they 'll tell you it 's trash , which is why it needed a revamp . instagram says the section is still based on your interests , but the " now organized into topic channels so you can browse across your interests and go deeper on any area you 'd like . " the new instagram explore tab will start showing up for users in the coming weeks .
ingredients : 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup baking cocoa , divided 3 cups all-purpose flour 2 cups sugar 2 teaspoons baking soda 1 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon 2 cups cold brewed coffee 1/3 cup canola oil 2 tablespoons white vinegar 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips 1/2 teaspoon shorteningdirections : coat a 10-in . fluted tube pan with cooking spray and dust with 1 tablespoon cocoa ; set aside . in a large bowl , combine the flour , sugar , baking soda , salt , cinnamon and remaining cocoa . in another bowl , combine the coffee , oil , vinegar and vanilla . stir into dry ingredients just until combined . pour into prepared pan . bake at 350 ° for 40-50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool for 10 minutes before removing from pan to a wire rack to cool completely . in a microwave or heavy saucepan , melt chocolate chips and shortening ; stir until smooth . drizzle over cake.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 295 calories , 8g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 1 mg cholesterol , 355 mg sodium , 55g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 2g fiber ) , 4g protein.makes : 14 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 40 min . + cooling
with all the recent activity around augmented reality , the possibilities involving immersive computing and commerce are quickly becoming obvious , and digital payments giant paypal has no plans to sit on the sidelinesthe company has been granted an augmented reality patent , which was filed back in 2016 , that details an " augmented reality view of product instructions . " surfaced by financial news site cnbc , the patent offers a fairly broad description of how the ar dynamic would work . " in a system for presenting augmented reality views of product instructions a method may include receiving a request from a client device , the request including image data , " reads the patent 's description section . " the method may further includes identifying an object in the image data and generating an augmented reality view of the identified object . the method may further include transmitting the augmented reality view to the client device . " the patent , which was granted just a few days ago ( april 24 ) , also gets specific with regard to which kind of " client devices " the ar system would use , mentioning laptops , tablets , and mobile phones in the range of possible use cases.yet another patent , which was granted in february of this year , offers even more insight into paypal 's plans . the other patent , titled " using augmented reality for electronic commerce transactions , " deals with the heart of paypal 's current business model as it evolves in the future . " computer program products for identifying objects of interest and providing relevant information about the objects of interest using augmented reality devices . " " systems , methods , and computer program products for identifying objects of interest and providing relevant information about the objects of interest using augmented reality devices are disclosed , " is how the patent is described . " for example , a computer-implemented method may include identifying an object of interest among a plurality of objects present in an image view , determining real-time information for the object of interest based on the identifying , presenting the determined real-time information for the object of interest as part of the image view , and processing a transaction involving the object of interest based on a user selection associated with the image view . " one of the drawings included along with that particular patent depicts a person using a mobile phone or a pair of ar smartglasses to interact with a city bus to determine the route of that bus and the fare necessary to reach the user 's destination . because of these patents , some are speculating that this all means the company may be preparing to launch its own pair of ar smartglassses . but since paypal , as well as its parent company ebay , are n't generally known for manufacturing hardware , or even software that 's not directly related to the company 's primary commerce products , this patent update could be more of a strategic , license-based leveraging move to work with companies with a background in producing wearable tech ( like apple ) , rather than an indication that paypal is planning to create its own wearable ar product ( although , anything is possible ) . in a world full of ar transactions , licensing various ways to interact with virtual objects and products via mobile devices will be key to the future of ar and mobile commerce in general.so no , do n't hold your breath waiting for paypal ar smartglasses , but you can absolutely expect the company to be at the center of ar-powered transactions in the coming months and years .
movies when the teen titans go to the big screen , they go big ! “ teen titans go ! to the movies ” finds our egocentric , wildly satirical super heroes in their first feature film extravaganza — a fresh , gleefully clever , kid-appropriately crass and tongue-in-cheek play on the super hero genre , complete with musical numbers . it seems to the teens that all the major super heroes out there are starring in their own movies — everyone but the teen titans , that is ! but de facto leader robin is determined to remedy the situation , and be seen as a star instead of a sidekick . if only they could get the hottest hollywood film director to notice them . with a few madcap ideas and a song in their heart , the teen titans head to tinsel town , certain to pull off their dream . but when the group is radically misdirected by a seriously super-villain and his maniacal plan to take over the earth , things really go awry . the team finds their friendship and their fighting spirit failing , putting the very fate of the teen titans themselves on the line ! will arnett ( “ the lego ® batman movie ” ) and kristen bell ( “ frozen ” ) lend their voices to the first-ever big-screen version of dc entertainment and cartoon network ’s animated tv show , which also stars greg cipes ( tv ’s “ teenage mutant ninja turtles ” ) as beast boy , scott menville ( tv ’s “ spider-man ” ) as robin , khary payton ( “ the walking dead ” ) as cyborg , tara strong ( the “ my little pony ” franchise ) as raven , and hynden walch ( tv ’s “ adventure time with finn &amp; jake ” ) as starfire , reprising their roles from the series . the film is being directed by aaron horvath and peter rida michail , from a screenplay by michael jelenic and horvath , based on characters from dc . michail , will arnett and peggy regan are producing , with sam register , jelenic , and horvath serving as executive producers . apart from arnett , all are “ teen titans go ! ” series contributors . set to release on july 27 , 2018 , “ teen titans go ! to the movies ” will be distributed worldwide by warner bros. pictures , a warner bros. entertainment company . teen titans go ! to the movies trailer + posters
i have spent my time in facebook ! they are just liked , commented and posted.if you are making money by saying , like , commenting or posting or uploading pictures , then how is it ? you think it is possible ? no ! it is now possible ! . but not facebook ! like any other app on facebookgoing to the play store , fengo will search the app and you 'll get ityour work is like , commented and posted . there is no other work.to make a choice you will get 8 points.for a comment you will get 3 points.and for every one of your posts you will get 1 pointthis is how to point .1000 points = 1.20 ! a. 5000 points = 6 money ! e.point is very easy to earn!paytm , paypal and itcoin ... indian user can get payment at 1000 points if you pay 1000 ! bangladeshis can take payments in paypal and bitcoin.if you have 25000 points paypal and 50000 points , you can take payment in bitcoin ! einstall fengo app ! then open the app and sign in with your facebook account or gmail account!then enter the referral code!refer code - 59320you have become your account . but if you do not have the referrer code you can not account.now like arbitrarily , comment and post and earn ! there is no limit to earning daily ! arbitrarily earn ! a.refer your friends to get 5 % of their earning ! there are 10 level referal barnings at this feng0 appso why are you late ? get started now at fengo!referral code - 59320 can share the post about your friends feng0 ! if you have any problems , you can comment or inbox!referral code : 59320
a utah teen who wore a traditional chinese dress to senior prom has been lambasted online for what some see as cultural appropriation and casual racism . 2018/05/01 pc police woods cross , utah — the pitchforks are are it again on social media , this time over a utah teen 's choice of prom dress.when keziah daum tweeted photos of her in a red and gold cheongsam , she did n't realize it was going to blow up the internet.the 18-year-old told insider she spotted the beautiful dress at a thrift store and decided to wear it to senior prom.over the next week , the teen 's tweet went viral , but for all the wrong reasons . commenters criticized her for wearing the dress when she was n't even remotely asian , and did n't know its history or significance , basically accusing her of cultural appropriation.others were n't bothered by the dress , but did find certain poses made by the teen and her friends to be inappropriate.daum has since responded to her haters , denying any wrongdoing and claiming the poses meant something else entirely . she defended the photos as her show of love and appreciation for chinese culture and says she wo n't be taking them down .
a 22-year-old trucker survived four days on foot after getting lost in the woods in oregon . 2018/05/01 oregon — truck driver jacob cartwright is lucky to be alive after getting lost for four days in the woods delivering a truckload of potato chips.according to katu , cartwright was driving from portland to nyssa , oregon to make a 7:30 a.m. wednesday delivery , but his gps sent him down the wrong road . according to oregon state police , cartwright entered the incorrect address , but since he had never been there before , he did n't know if he was going the wrong way . in the middle of the night , the trucker finally decided to turn around , but his truck began losing traction and got stuck on a snowy muddy road . cartwright then started hoofing it and walked 12-13 hours a day for the next three days . he finally found his way to interstate 84 , where he flagged a driver down who gave cartwright a lift back to his house in la grande , oregon . the 22-year-old was taken to the hospital for dehydration and possible frostbite on his right foot . the craziest part of the story though is cartwright did n't eat one single chip he was hauling . good thing , because that stuff will really kill you .
last month , google stopped supporting domain-fronting technology , thus depriving third-party developers of an effective way to bypass locks , including at the state level . recall , before making changes to the network architecture , some services used this " loophole " to redirect traffic through google , using the company 's network as a proxy . and now it became known that amazon did exactly the same . the corresponding change in the domain protection policy , which amazon web services announced on april 27 , noted the resource the verge.in amazon , this step was explained by the fight against unscrupulous developers and the spread of malicious software . " tools , including malware , can use this [ data transfer ] technique between two unrelated domains to prevent restrictions and locks applied at the tls / ssl level , " the company said in a statement . " none of our customers need someone else to impersonate them , using the usual , innocent domain name . " previously , using domain fronting techniques , third-party developers could pretend that they are accessing sites from google or amazon domains , using the latter as an intermediary node and thus avoiding locks . but neither google nor amazon allows you to hide behind their backs.amazon will make an exception only for developers who use linked addresses ( belonging to the same security certificate ) , allowing them to continue to use domain fronts , but not for disguise .
ingredients : 1 package swiss chocolate or devil 's food cake mix ( regular size ) 1 package ( 3.4 ounces ) instant vanilla pudding mix 3 large eggs 1-1/4 cups milk 1/2 cup canola oil frosting : 1 package ( 8 ounces ) cream cheese , softened 1 cup sugar 1 cup confectioners ' sugar 10 milk chocolate candy bars with almonds ( 1.45 ounces each ) , divided 1 carton ( 16 ounces ) frozen whipped topping , thaweddirections : in a large bowl , sift the cake and pudding mixes . in another bowl , whisk the eggs , milk and oil . add to dry ingredients ; beat until well blended . pour into three greased and floured 9-in . round baking pans . bake at 350 ° for 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean . cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely . in a large bowl , beat the cream cheese and sugars until smooth . finely chop eight candy bars ; stir into cream cheese mixture . fold in whipped topping . spread frosting on cake plate , between layers and over the top and sides of the cake . chop the remaining candy bars ; sprinkle over top and along bottom edge of cake . cover and refrigerate overnight . store in the refrigerator.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 617 calories , 29g fat ( 15g saturated fat ) , 78 mg cholesterol , 531 mg sodium , 79g carbohydrate ( 56g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 6g protein.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 20 min . + chilling
west coast berkeley grad , battle rapper and musician locksmith has hammered out a reputation as one of hip-hop 's most enlightened no punch pulling emcees . from his early appearances on mtv 's freestyle championship to his frequent shade 45 appearances , locksmith always brings cutting lyricism that not only questions the status quo but offers deep truths for reflection . meanwhile detroit 's apollo brown has built his illustrious career on emotive production that draws the best out of already legendary mic kings . from his work with ras kass and oc , skyzoo to ghostface killah , apollo repeatedly creates eyes shut , head nodding , soul stirring perfection for our greatest storytellers to lay their truth bare . so when richmond &amp; detroit came together in the studio the answer was " no question " - a new project that finds locksmith ruminating on everything from advice to his younger self to his continued drive to rise without following in anyone 's footsteps . apollo brown is back june 15th with yet another of the best emcees to ever do it .
if you watched the fourth season of arrested development , chances are you either loved it or hated it on the basis of one major element : the timelines . each episode of the revived series featured events based on a different character ’s perspective , and you were only really rewarded if you watched through to the end — and even more so if you watched the series a second time.those intertwined storylines were created out of necessity , since many of the actors could n’t be in the same place at the same time during filming . but for some viewers , the effect was a bit jarring . netflix series creator mitch hurwitz has heard the grumblings from those viewers , and has figured out a solution . he announced tuesday that he ’s releasing a “ remixed ” version of season four . “ in between season 4 and this upcoming season 5 i had time to take that rashomon-type story and recut it , ” he wrote on twitter , “ shuffling the content from 15 individualized stories into 22 interwoven stories the length of the original series . ” hurwitz joked that he did it to “ make some money ” in syndication , but also elaborated that it ’s “ a comedic experiment to see if new jokes and a new perspective would emerge from a remix that features all the bluths in every episode , and where the simultaneity of the story plays out chronologically . ” arrested development season 4 remix : fateful consequences comes out on may 4 , which , of course , is cinco de cuatro . and once you 're done watching that , take heart , because hurwitz promises a season five is coming out “ very soon . ” read his full announcement below :
stay of decay 2 may hold surprising interactions may has begun and gamers are now counting down to the release of state of decay 2 . the multiplayer co-op adventure promises all manner of survival activities , from building to pathfinding . more importantly , it ’s about wading through hordes of undead as a team . and , to hit the point home , undead labs and microsoft have revealed a new trailer . the latest trailer provides our first glimpse at the semblance of a story , though it has n’t really been at the forefront of marketing . thus far , we ’ve learned about the community building aspect , scavenging , and crafting , but it looks like npc interactions may also factor into state of decay 2 ’s experience . granted , this is speculation based on the trailer . you can view the new footage below . state of decay 2 arrives on may 22nd for the xbox one and windows pc . alongside its retail launch , microsoft shall make the game available on xbox game pass . for a $ 9.99 monthly subscription fee , players can download the game and over 100 more titles on the platform . like with sea of thieves , there is a chance we ’ll see an xbox game pass free trial period for new subscribers . for more on state of decay 2 , you check out our latest preview article : “ state of decay 2 answers the important questions . ” we ’ll be bringing more updates and relevant news , leading up to the game ’s release , so stay tuned . source
busy philipps confirmed she is the new host of a late-night talk show set to premiere on e! later this year , the cut reports . " this is who i am now , " the actress , who stars in the newly released comedy i feel pretty with amy schumer , wrote on twitter tuesday , quoting a tweet announcing the news . according to the cut , the new show has the working title busy tonight , and philipps is listed as one of the executive producers . she will work alongside julie darmody and eric gurian , who was tina fey ’s partner at their production company , little stranger.the new series will reportedly consist of comedic commentary , interviews , and segments that delve into philipps ' social media musings on her instagram stories , according to the hollywood reporter . an official premiere date has not been announced , but it is set to debut on the cable network this year . with this announcement , philipps , 38 , joins a small group of women who have hosted a their own late-night talk show . chelsea handler most famously had her own e! show , chelsea lately , which aired from 2007 to 2014 . joan rivers was the first woman to ever lead a talk show with the fox network 's the late show starring joan rivers in 1986 . most recently , tbs ' samantha bee , bet ’s robin thede , and hulu ’s sarah silverman have been front and center for their programs.production on philipps show is scheduled to start this summer in los angeles . busy tonight is one of six new series e! greenlit this year , which also includes a reality show starring ashlee simpson and her husband evan ross called ashlee and evan .
the standoff between apple and microsoft is over . about this the head of the marketing department of microsoft chris capossela said in an interview with the resource cheddar . according to him , the company came to this from the filing of the current director general satya nadella , who announced the need to establish partnership relations with competitors , whose ideological struggle lasted for many years.twitter link post with interview in video : https://twitter.com/cheddar/status/989177398942945281after decades of textbook confrontation , originating in the era of ms-dos and macintosh , microsoft came to understand that joint activities can bring much more fruit than often unsuccessful attempts to create competing products . " we focus on the platforms that our customers use , " says capossela , " which is why office is available on the ipad and the iphone . " for microsoft , it is more important that its products are used by as many users as possible , regardless of the platforms they use in their work and everyday life . to date , in the app store directory there are more than hundreds of applications and utilities released by microsoft . the company does not intend to repair restrictions for ios fans or macos just because they do not like windows , capossela concluded .
this weekend lenroy thomas vs joe joyce takes place for the commonwealth heavyweight title and our own peter wells is here to break down the fight ahead of this weekend.the new era of heavyweights continue to rise , and joe joyce is doing so in quite an explosive way . and that explosion is not just in the knockouts , but the level of opponents he is taking on.he has already defeated the well capable english level fighter ian lewison in 8 rounds on his debut last october , and now in fight number 4 – following back-to-back first round knockouts – he aims for commonwealth ruler thomas.the first target was dereck chisora , but that could not be worked out between the two parties , however , this contest is just as interesting for the 32-year old joyce 3-0 ( 3ko ’s ) . jamaica ’s thomas 22-4-1 ( 10ko ’s ) is admittedly up against it here . he has earnt plaudits for his war with dave allen last year , but has been halted against decent opposition in three of his four losses.joyce can match the likes of dominic breazeale and andrey fedosov , stopping thomas inside the first 6 rounds .
on may 19 , prince harry and meghan markle will tie the knot in st. george 's chapel , windsor castle — the queen 's residence located about 20 miles south of london . ( harry 's father married his stepmother camilla parker bowles there in 2005 . ) afterwards , there will be two receptions : one , a luncheon hosted by the queen , at st. george 's hall for the wedding party guests , and an intimate gathering later that evening . by intimate , we mean a private event for 200 family and friends hosted by prince harry 's father , prince charles . lots of royal hopefuls are wondering what they will see and wo n't see the day of the wedding . what will the inside of the chapel look like ? what about the reception immediately after ? are we even going to see the special touches of prince charles ' reception ? who is decorating everything ? here , we breakdown what the venues will look like — including our decor predictions and whether or not markle has a say in the designs.the ceremony - st. george 's chapelthe wedding ceremony will take place on the grounds of windsor castle at st. george 's chapel , which accommodates 800 guests . here 's what it looks like on the inside : it 's not the first time the royals have gathered at the chapel . earlier this month , the royal family attended easter church service here . they 've also held confirmations , weddings , funerals , and other special events at the chapel throughout the years . in a major throwback moment , below , princess diana is pictured outside of the chapel at prince william 's confirmation in 1997 . in the other photo , she 's leading prince harry inside of it.princess diana and prince charles attend prince william ’s confirmation at st. george chapel in 1997 . getty imagesprincess diana and prince charles arrive at st. george chapel for prince william 's confirmation in 1997 . harry and his mom princess diana in st. george ’s chapel . like william and kate 's wedding , the chapel will likely not be adorned with extra decorations due to its already stunning historical architecture . it will , however , be covered with extra flowers and plants . meghan has chosen florist philippa craddock to work on a selection of arrangements for the ceremony . " overall , meghan will have a say in things she likes and dislikes for the wedding , " says marieclaire.com 's exclusive royal wedding expert caroline castigliano . " however , st. george ’s chapel is steeped in history , so the flowers — which are all supposed to come from the crown estate and windsor park — will really be the only point of design choice in terms of style and color . it 's said that there will be white garden roses , peonies , and foxgloves . " prince william and kate middleton ’s 2011 wedding in westminster abbey . the first reception - st. george 's hall harry and meghan will head to st. george 's hall , a 180-feet-long room originally built in the 1800s , following the wedding ceremony . first , they 'll take a drive along a route around the castle then they 'll make their way to the hall for a luncheon hosted by the queen . no word yet on whether this reception will be televised . here 's what it looks like on the inside ( it 's a lot bigger than you think ) : a sketch of a royal banquet in st georges hall , windsor castle , in honor of tsar alexander ii of russia in the late 1800s . " many factors such as the color of the room and chairs will be fixed , " explains castigliano . " meghan may decide which dinner service and glassware she prefers , but i would imagine st. george ’s hall will stay true to tradition . " the private reception - frogmore houseprince charles will host a private reception in the evening for the couple 's 200 closest friends and family at frogmore house — the estate where harry and meghan took their engagement portraits that 's been owned by royals for centuries . it 's situated half a mile south from windsor castle in berkshire . this sadly definitely wo n't be televised , extra sadly because it 's the part of their big day that harry and meghan will likely have the most say in the " atmosphere " and " style " of , according to castigliano . she says this reception will be " of a different nature " than the rest of the day , and that the bride and groom will go with decor that 's " true to them . " alamy prince philip , prince edward , queen elizabeth ii , prince andrew , princess anne , and prince charles on the grounds of frogmore house , windsor in 1968 . and to get you even more excited for the wedding , this is prince harry at 15 years old outside of st. george 's chapel in 1999 . almost two decades later , he 'll be married in the very same spot . are you melting ? i 'm melting . prince harry outside of st. george chapel in 1999 following the wedding of prince edward and princess sophie .
modern flagships offer users dual cameras , frameless displays and a controversial notch on the top of the display . there are also eight-core processors and a mass of gigabytes of ram . on average , the figure varies from 4 to 6 gb , but sometimes it 's 8 . now we 'll see how the situation changed from 2006 . draw conclusions will allow the schedule , which shared the journalists gsmarena . it shows changes in the amount of memory , starting from 2006 . the blue line shows the average for the market , and the red line shows the best result of the niche.now smartphones can boast the presence of 8 gb of ram . just seven years ago , the devices exceeded the bar of 1 gb , so the growth rate is amazing.the average volume this year exceeds 4 gb , which was considered the top result in 2015 . accordingly , devices with 6 and 8 gb of ram are making themselves felt more and more.in may , the blue band will rise slightly upward . this will contribute to the release of oneplus 6 , to assess the camera 's capabilities here .
horror survival game in launch trailer by mickey bucks the horror survival game “ killing floor : incursion ” , which is already available for oculus rift and htc vive , has also been released today on playstation vr . tripwire interactive shows the launch trailer . also on board are the time-exclusive “ holdout ” card “ the crucible ” as well as all previous post-launch content from the pc version . in the third offshoot of the “ killing floor ” series you either stand-alone or in co-op against hordes of zombies and defend yourself against the enemy with a large arsenal of different weapons . the official description : “ in killing floor : incursion , players slip into the role of horzine security forces elite soldiers and fight alongside their allies with a variety of weapons , including pistols , shotguns , axes and more , through an action-driven campaign . players explore their surroundings , solving puzzles , collecting weapons and ammunition , finding out what the horzine corporation really is up to , and discovering who they can really trust , fighting in a variety of settings , from eerie farmhouses to high-tech investments , and find out who or what is behind the zeds threat . ”
the pair behind agrocenta , a local agritech startup , has asked the akufo-addo-driven government to include information technology ( it ) to its flagship ‘ planting for food and jobs ’ program . as indicated by the 2018 seedstars global rivalry champs , government can accomplish increasingly and help the objectives of the program on the off chance that it is utilized to link up with the agriculturists . they disclosed to daniel dadzie on joy fm ’s super morning show on friday that they have operators to speak to agriculturists on the grounds that the greater part of them [ farmers ] are not it educated . “ one agent handles about 200 farmers , ” mr obirikorang said . according to him , they have exhorted government to utilize a comparative innovation like what they run to influence the planting for food and jobs to program a win . francis obirikorang the startup , agrocenta is owned by two ghanaians – mike ocansey and francis obirikorang-who have built up a framework to help agriculturists to get the most out of their produce . two young fellows whose thoughts won them $ 500,000 investment from seedstars world , included that they have battled the chances to make open doors for others in the quickly developing agric part in the nation . like the government ’s planting for food and jobs program , the twosome has helped agriculturists in the north to get seeds , compost , ploughing services among others at a decent deal . they have likewise helped the ranchers to transport their respects the business sectors since they began their undertaking about 18 months prior . up until this point , they have selected around 12,000 agriculturists . views : 1
if you are going to leave in the near future , it may be worth looking into this list and checking out some tips that you do not need to do in certain countries .1 ) romania : the game of erudit.in the 80 's , romanian leader nicolas ceauşescu at that time forbade the game scarlet ( in the original , several people compete in compiling words using wooden letters on a square board ) . he called the game " subversive " and " evil " . however , it is doubtful that he played exactly in this scarecrow .2 ) north korea : blue jeans.north korea has decided to ban blue jeans , because this item of clothing of this color is associated with the united states . okay , let them be black jeans if they please them .3 ) usa : a surprise cinder.kinder surprise is one of the most famous chocolate products around the world . nevertheless , in the usa it is forbidden , because a small toy inside the product is considered dangerous and can cause strangulation . people who bring them from other countries , even detained at the airport for " possession " of danger . the ban was lifted in 2013.4 ) singapore : chewing gum.the authorities of singapore imposed a ban not on the chewing gum itself , but on its sale . the ban came into force in 1992 , because someone managed to stop the public transport system with its help . in 2004 , the ban was lifted .5 ) china : time travel.this implies a ban on cinema on television , showing movies on this subject . the chinese authorities are convinced that presenting travel in time in these formats can lead to a frivolous image of important historical events and facts .6 ) france : red bull.the ban has already been lifted , but until 2008 , the energy drink was banned in the country because of fears about taurine , which is part of it . now the recipe for a drink has changed .7 ) iran : male hair tails.in 2010 , the iranian authorities decided to ban all male western-style haircuts . so if you suddenly catch a horse tail on your head , then be ready to be arrested .8 ) denmark : marmite.marmite is a brown salty paste with a bright taste and a smell , it has added taste to minds . in general , marmite is a by-product of the beer production process . some people like it , others do not tolerate it . apparently , denmark belongs to the second category , as there is a ban on this product in this country . reason ? most likely , there are too many bad vitamins to eat .9 ) north korea : sarcasm.the north korean regime has banned sarcasm from people in your country , so when you visit this state , be careful with any sarcastic comments .10 ) malaysia : yellow clothes.wearing yellow clothing was banned in malaysia in 2011 , because the government was opposed to a group of activists whose clothes were of the same color when they protested against election laws .
thanks to the " blood lust convention , " the cast of the vampire diaries and the originals reunited in paris this past sunday . according to just jared , ian somerhalder ( damon ) , candice king ( caroline ) , nathaniel buzolic ( kol ) , chase coleman ( oliver ) , riley voelkel ( freya ) , paul wesley ( stefan ) , and daniel gillies ( elijah ) were all in town for the fan event . and judging by everyone 's instagram pictures , it looks like they had the best time . candice posed with a glass of wine in this chic , minimal pic . nathaniel opted for the more touristy route and took a picture while taking a picture of the eiffel tower . do n't worry , he captured it from multiple angles . this one is absolutely breathtaking . meanwhile , chase took his insta followers inside the convention and recorded his much-anticipated entrance . " first day of #tvdparis !!! @ultimeventz #convention #tvd #tvdpariscon #rockon #paris #americanwerewolfinparis #theoriginals #thevampirediaries , " he wrote.be warned , if you do watch the video , keep the volume low because the screams are loud . but i mean , what else would you expect ? in case you need another reason to get pumped about this magical reunion , remember that season 5 of the originals will be its last , so the fact that these vampires got together is a pretty big deal . the show just returned on april 20 , but if you need to catch up , you can read up on new characters , klaroline , and everything else we know about the final season over here . plus , you can watch the trailer , down below .
esteemed journalist kim kardashian had the privilege of interviewing kylie jenner for her first big post-baby interview with the evening standard . kardashian dived straight in with the questions about motherhood that jenner did n't answer during her twitter q &amp; a , including how exactly she came up with the name stormi webster for her daughter.jenner ca n't really remember , but it started as storm , not stormi : " i really do n’t know how we thought of storm , " she started . " her dad [ travis scott ] insisted it was him , but i feel like it was me . and that kind of just stuck with us . and then i did n’t really like just storm — i did n’t feel like that was her name . so then it became stormi . and it just stuck . i feel like there were a lot of other names that i might have even liked better to be honest , but i feel like stormi picked her own name , like it was just her name . " kardashian also asked jenner how she feels like stormi has changed her . jenner does n't feel like she 's really been changed by her three-month-old , she replied , but leaving is hard . " i think more about the future because of her , " jenner said . " every time i leave and i ’m stressed about leaving her , i ’m like , ‘ i ’m doing it for you . ’ everyone says you change completely when you become a mom , but i really feel the same , just better . so i do n’t know what really has completely changed my world , besides her , of course . but i feel like it ’s only gotten better . you ’re less selfish . " jenner then offered a nice outlook on changing her baby 's diapers : " i actually enjoy changing diapers . it ’s really satisfying . to make her clean again . and i do n’t know , the whole thing is really … it ’s like such an amazing experience . " jenner told kardashian that overall , motherhood has n't been that hard for her . " i feel like it ’s just been so amazing , and so much fun , " she said . " i ’m learning so much more about myself and life , and it ’s been such a great experience . of course there ’s hard times and stuff … even in the beginning , just not sleeping , the nights , like , baby blues … and all the ups and downs . and also even when i ’m here it was so hard to leave this morning . i ’m like , ‘ i ’ll be right back , i ’m so sorry , i have to leave ! ’ and she does n’t even know what ’s going on . i think about her all the time , anywhere i am . i would rather be with her or wish she can come everywhere . i ca n’t wait till she can come everywhere with me , because right when she ’s old enough i ’ll bring her everywhere . " the only place jenner is n't sure about is whether stormi will be in front of the keeping up with the kardashians cameras . " i have thought about it [ whether i 'd allow stormi to appear on reality tv ] , but i have n’t come to a conclusion yet . " read the full interview here .
lactose intolerance means the body can not easily digest lactose , a type of natural sugar found in milk and dairy products.this is not the same thing as a food allergy to milk . lactose intolerance is common in adults.it occurs more often in native americans and people of asian , african , and south american descent than among people of european descent .1 . it ’s all in the enzymes.normally , your body produces an enzyme called lactase . when you drink a glass of milk or eat cottage cheese , lactase helps you break down the milk sugar lactose into simpler sugars that are absorbed into your bloodstream . lactose intolerance occurs when you have a lactase deficiency .2 . you should involve your doctor.some illnesses have stomach symptoms similar to those of lactose intolerance . your doctor can help you pinpoint the cause of your complaints . he or she may start by asking you to remove all dairy from your diet to see if you feel better . breath tests or tests of your stool can confirm the diagnosis .3 . not everyone has symptoms.undigested lactose can produce a wide range of gastrointestinal symptoms within two hours of consuming dairy . these include bloating , nausea , flatulence , abdominal pain , and diarrhea . however , you can have a lactase deficiency and have no signs at all .4 . you usually grow into it.a few babies are lactose intolerant from birth and must drink lactose-free formula instead of breast milk . however , most people who are lactose intolerant lose their ability to digest milk sometime after infancy . usually , this occurs between ages 2 and 12 , though you may not experience symptoms until late adolescence or adulthood .5 . you ’re not alone.as many as 65 percent of people worldwide , and 30 million americans , have some degree of lactose intolerance . it ’s more common if your background is asian , african , hispanic , or native american , and less likely if your ancestors are from northern or western europe .6 . it ’s not an allergy.milk allergy is less common but more harmful than lactose intolerance . if you ’re allergic to milk , your body fights dairy as if it were a harmful invader . symptoms are typically more severe and can include wheezing , itchy eyes , and rash . people with this allergy must avoid milk products entirely .7 . not all dairy is off limits.unlike those with allergies , most people with lactose intolerance can drink up to a half-cup of milk with no symptoms . other dairy products have lower levels of lactose and may be even easier to digest . these include hard or aged cheeses and yogurt .8 . lactose appears in surprising places.milk and milk products are added to a wide variety of processed foods . for instance , baked goods , cereals , and candies can all contain lactose . check labels for the words whey , curds , and dry milk solids , and avoid these products if they aggravate your stomach .9 . dietary changes can relieve symptoms.start with small doses of dairy and see if you can increase your intake over time . lactose-free and reduced-lactose milk are increasingly available , as are soy milk and other milk substitutes . finally , taking over-the-counter lactase drops or tablets can help you digest dairy .10 . calcium is still key.because dairy products are a major source of bone-strengthening calcium and vitamin d , lactose intolerance may increase your risk for thin bones . eat other sources of calcium and vitamin d , including leafy greens , egg yolks , and fortified juices . and ask your doctor if you should take supplements .
warning ! spoilers for avengers : infinity war below . do not read unless you 've seen the movie , or if you 're like me and enjoy spoilers without abandon . avengers : infinity war , the most ambitious crossover in cinematic history , left a lot of people in tears due to its catastrophic ending . ya know , where thanos decides to wipe out half the world 's population — including some of our superhero friends . they start disintegrating into dust and then , most notably and most tragically , young spiderman , lying in tony stark 's arms , looks up at iron man and says , " mr. stark , i do n't feel so good ... " cue the tears . cue the sobs . cue the memes . as with most dark and tragic things in life and entertainment , the internet decided to meme up this heart-wrenching moment using other figures and moments from pop culture . there 's the reinterpretation of equally tragic moments — such as the tenth doctor 's farewell to rose . carl grimes ' final moments from the walking dead was also honored . and perhaps most tragically , the scene when grand master oogway from kung fu panda dissipates into a cluster of cherry blossoms as he crosses over to the other side . this one does n't even need the dust effect . and then comes the weird stuff . rip peppa pig , our queen and subversive icon . oh nemo . you should n't have touched that boat . the windows 95 logo does n't even need the edits . for never was a story of more woe than this of barry b. benson and ... whatever the bee movie lady 's name is . shrek and donkey 's seperation will definitely tear at your heartstrings . what would josh be without his drake ? actually , totally fine , since he did n't invite him to his wedding . there was the healthy dose of controversial public figures . hello , mr. zuckerburg . this one 's too soon . it 's been three years , but it 's still too soon . yeowch . topical . and , of course , no meme is complete without meme-ing another meme . mmmm ... steamed hams . and finally , one that has spiderman on the other end . hopefully , this interpretation of the tragic moment has soothed your aching heart . or maybe it made everything even worse .
kanye continued his loud &amp; wrong 2018 tour with a stop by the offices of tmz where he held a live debate about his " free thinking " and : : squints at notes : : slavery . broadcasting directly from a television playing in an empty room during the purge , kanye eschewed franklin/douglass debate style in favor of shouting at a bunch of gossip bloggers in their cubicles.like a madlib from hell , the rapper and fashion mogul held forth on various subjects ranging from opioid addiction to american history , most notably claiming that the 400 years of slavery was , somehow , " a choice . " perhaps confusing chattel slavery for an gig that pays in exposure , kanye exclaimed , " you hear about slavery for 400 years ? for 400 years ? that sounds like a choice . " congratulations to kanye west on being the ashiest guy in your freshman year world history lecture . for one tmz employee ( and the world at large ) , enough was enough from the free thinking rapper who seems to be competing with the president for most pointlessly incendiary comments per day . " do you feel that i 'm thinking free ? " kanye screamed at a room full of people who are just trying to do their jobs . one man spoke up in the back , " i actually do n't think you 're thinking anything , " he said , trying to come for my job.the man lit into kanye for a full minute , reminding him that his words , while empty , held weight and his unexamined rumination was damaging a society that , honestly , is pretty much done for anyway . " frankly , i 'm disappointed , " the man concluded , channeling every grandmother , aunt , and vice principal in the world , " i 'm appalled , and brother , i am unbelievably hurt that you have morphed into something that , to me , is not real . " welp.getting called out for your appalling behavior by a person who works for tmz is like being scolded for your allegiance to voldemort by lucius malfoy , but whatever , we 'll take what we can get . all hail our mockingjay , the appalled dude from tmz .
ferrari dominated formula 1 and formula 2 racing for years when in 1951 the ferrari 625 came into being . at that point , ferrari began to lose some of their competitive edge . their chief engineer left to join maserati , and lampredi came aboard . under his direction , the four cylinder engine was used because it was thought to be lighter , more efficient , and more reliable . lampredi also foresaw that formula 1 would eventually be limited to 2 ½ liter unsupercharged engines . the “ 625 ” designation is in reference to the capacity of one of those cylinders . the switch resulted in world championship titles in 1952 and 1953 . the 625tf — “ tipo formula ” — was a barchetta with a 2 ½ liter gp engine . only three examples of this model were made , each with coachwork by vignale . one , a coupe , was destroyed in a fire in italy . a second was last seen racing in argentina in 1955 . the final , chassis number sn0304 is currently on offer at bonhams . the 0304 was the first four-cylinder sports racing car built and raced by ferrari . it competed in the 500 mondial in 1954 , the 750 in 1955 , and the 860 monza in 1956 . after racing throughout europe , the car was shipped to south america where it competed in many races .
kylie jenner is sorry not sorry that she gave her sister khloé kardashian a real scare before khloé gave birth to her own daughter . reporter kim kardashian , during her evening standard interview with kylie , brought up the fact that kylie freaked khloé out by having her in the delivery room while she was in labor . kylie and khloé were pregnant at the same time and only weeks apart . " i did freak her out , " kylie confirmed to kim . " and she was so freaked , that she said , ‘ hey , you guys , never should a pregnant woman be in another delivery room until it ’s your time , ’ " kim added because she knew . " i agree with that . no , " kylie said , but she has no regrets about her decision to scar khloé . " i really needed her . i needed khloé in the room with me . i think it made her more scared . she was there for all my other sisters . she ’s just very , very nurturing . so she really helped me through the whole thing . everyone should have khloé in their delivery room . " kylie told kim that being pregnant together with khloé was a blast . " it was so much fun , " she said . " we would just experience everything together . i was a little bit ahead of her , so we were both doing it for the first time and i would just like warn her of things that happened … the amazing things that are going on , and feeling the baby for the first time . so we would talk , like , on a daily basis about everything . " kim of course did n't ask kylie her thoughts on the tristan thompson cheating scandal or whether kylie and khloé are still talking on a daily basis now about new motherhood , but there 's always next interview .
by / may 1 , 2018 the los angeles dodgers have lost their star shortstop corey seager for the rest of the 2018 season . the 24-year-old two-time all-star will have tommy john surgery , the dodgers announced on twitter on monday . seager , the 2016 national league rookie of the year , had been battling a ucl sprain since the 2017 season . however , after the dodgers lost to the houston astros in the world series , he decided to simply rest rather than go through surgery . seager , who won silver slugger awards in 2016 and 2017 , had an mri on monday that showed surgery would be the only option for him . losing the shortstop will be a major setback for the dodgers , who have already lost yasiel puig ( hip ) and justin turner ( wrist ) . according to cbs sports , los angeles is set to turn to chris taylor to fill the shortstop position for the time being , although the team will likely look for more permanent options to replace seager . among the names cbs sports has mentioned is baltimore ’s manny machado , who is set to become a free agent . nevertheless , the dodgers would face one issue should they trade for machado . los angeles has said they wish to get below the $ 197 million luxury tax threshold this summer , and machado is earning around $ 16 million . according to some reports , eights other teams besides the dodgers have tried to sign machado at some point in recent months : the dodgers ( 12-15 ) are fourth in the nl west . they next visit the arizona diamondbacks at 9:40 pm est on tuesday , the second game of a four-game series . arizona won the opener 8-5 on monday . chat with usports on facebook ! get the latest news and interviews delivered directly to your messenger!you must be logged in to post a comment .
lootboxes are expected to be a big factor in gaming ’s future lootboxes are an extremely controversial topic in gaming culture but , according to a recently released report , they ’re expected to still be a huge factor in the digital games market in the 2020s . the report , titled “ future games market : market sizing &amp; forecasts 2018-2022 “ , shows that the digital games market is “ set to be boosted by the increasing prevalence of loot boxes ” . “ the practice has already proved immensely popular globally , especially in the chinese games sector , ” noted a press release for the report . “ loot boxes play upon the gamers ’ desire to have the most prestigious and sought-after in-game items , whether these be weapons or cosmetic goods , ” explained the report ’s author , lauren foye . “ by monetizing the random generation of items , developers are effectively encouraging a form of in-game gambling , extending both the lifecycle and engagement of games titles to their audience . ” the report also acknowledges the growing popularity of battle royale modes in games like pubg and fortnite . notably , games such as the upcoming call of duty and battlefield are reported to possibly have their own battle royale modes . also according to the report : console revenues are going to reach $ 33.2 billion by 2022 . what ’s your opinion of lootboxes ? do you think they ’re harmless purchases or do you think that they should n’t be part of modern gaming ? source
ingredients for white cabbage / cabbage - 1/2 forkspepper sweet ( yellow ) - 1 pctomato - 2 piecesegg of chicken - 4 piecesmilk - 50 mlsalt ( to taste ) black pepper ( to taste ) recipe \ tvegetables are mine . we disassemble cabbage on leaves . pepper cut in half , cleanse the seeds . \ tblanch the vegetables in boiling water . cabbage is literally 1 minute . . \ t. . . tomatoes and pepper 2-3 minutes . we get out of the water , we cool it . we cut off all thick places in cabbage leaves . with tomatoes and peppers , we remove the skins . peppers cut into pieces ( arbitrarily ) , tomatoes - ringlets . \ twe take 4 glass refractory shapes ( i have them in the volume of 200 ml ) and spread the form with cabbage leaves , so that their edges protrude slightly . \ tthen put a layer of sweet yellow pepper . \ tthe next layer is tomatoes . milk and eggs are well beaten with a fork , salt , pepper and mix the vegetables in the forms . \ tthen turn the protruding edges of cabbage into the inside of the mold . \ tthen put the mold in the oven or microwave oven . i cooked in the microwave for 15 minutes at 800w ( i have the most powerful one ) . we take from the stove a little let cool and shift from the forms to the plate . bon appetit !!!
eating deep-fried anything is the mark of an enjoyable day . sparks fly when you bite into a generous piece of fried lasagna , snack on fried pickles , or take a few fried tequila shot . but let us go back to basics and say this : breading gooey cheese and frying it in oil will never go out of style . mcdonalds has done just that for its customers , but not in a been-there-done-that mozzarella stick kind of way . they 're turning camembert into a freakin ' donut . let 's back up : the new menu item ( which is only available in germany as of now — harumph ) has a crispy , golden exterior , and inside , it 's loaded with the creamy cheese . in case you 're not familiar with camembert , it 's similar to brie : soft and made from cow 's milk , but with a slightly stronger flavor.the cheese doughnuts come in a 7-piece order so there are enough to share ... or just seriously pig out . the new side costs 3.99 euros — about $ 4.90 in u.s. dollars — and includes two packets of cranberry sauce for dunking.one fan made a video of his donut sampling experience , and though we do n't speak german , his “ oh my god ” reaction confirms all . another reddit user called them , " mozzarella cheese stick on steroids , ” and that is the kind of culinary liberation this world needs . we are booking flights to germany — and now , with cheese on our minds , also having a batch of mozzarella stick waffles to hold us over .
on april 21 , the powdersville high school dubbed two students prom king and queen – and just like any other year , the crowd went wild . the prom queen flounced up in a sequin-covered ballgown to accept her crown , followed by the prom king , looking just as fabulous in a lace crop top and velvet skirt . instagram / @adamgregoryartistry 18-year-old adam bell did not see the win coming , but according to the hs senior , he won in a 49 % landslide . he wore a $ 50 victoria 's secret bustier , a $ 135 velvet skirt from house of cb , and a wig by queen nikita dragun – and tbh , no one was surprised . adam gets just as glammed-out for homeroom as he did for prom night . " my school has seen this from me everyday so it ’s nothing new to them , " adam told seventeen.com . " however , every now and then when i step out into a new place , i do get double takes – probably because i live in the south . " the school showed their support by posting a photo of the 2018 king and queen on their instagram and facebook , but then the trolls started rolling in . cue taylor swift 's " this is why we ca n't have nice things . " adam bell the backlash got to be so bad , that the school was forced to take the photos down and delete their facebook to protect the students . even sadder : some of the hate came from the parents of his classmates . " a lot of the parents got upset that i won in a dress ... i do n’t know any of the parents personally , but i do know their kids and i consider them to be great people , " adam explained . " it ’s so nice seeing kids stand up to their parents in a situation like this ... pretty much all my classmates , and some people i do n’t even know , jumped straight in and defended me . " even with all that drama , adam says he wo n't let the negativity shake him – honestly , he could care less . " some of the words were hard to hear from people i do n’t even know , but i actually received more love than hate , so my heart was beyond full with happiness ... clearly i do as i feel and do n’t care about the hate , so i ’m not going to subject myself to their words . "
roseanne barr appeared on the tonight show with jimmy fallon on monday night and made it very clear her unapologetic support for president donald trump . fallon started off by congratulating the actress on the high ratings for the revival of roseanne . he then brought up the backlash that came along with the show ’s reboot . “ with a big hit , come people that are n’t so happy , as well , ” fallon says , “ if you say that you ’re a supporter of donald trump . ” barr promptly responds by saying , “ oh , yeah , people are mad about that . but , you know , i do n’t give a f – k. ” she also then said that we live in a free country , and she felt that our government needed change . “ this is america , it ’s a free country , and you know , when you weigh it all together , you know , i just felt like we needed a whole new thing . all the way . bottom to top , ” she says . barr added that everyone has the right to vote the way that they want . “ everybody had to choose for themselves , according to their own conscience , who they thought was the lesser of two evils , ” she said . “ everybody chose that , so i ’m not gon na put anybody down who did n’t vote like me . ” barr then questioned who people would rather have as president , trump or vice president mike pence . “ you want pence ? you want pence for the frickin ’ president ? well , then zip that f – king lip , ” she said . watch her full interview here .
mark . dude . you 're a great bruce banner , but you 're terrible at this whole keeping secrets thing . when avengers : infinity war stars mark ruffalo and don cheadle sat down for a chat with good morning america in july 2017 , ruffalo did a dumb thing . he spoiled the end of infinity war . what ? i 'm not going to do the thing and tell you what he said . you 'll have to watch the video to hear the spoilers for yourself . ( honestly , it 's also just funnier that way . ) of course , there 's only so much words can do to spoil the end of infinity war . seeing those scenes play out is a completely different experience . besides , as enjoyable as the video is , really the best part is the fact that it has now resurfaced . people who were convinced last year that ruffalo did n't really do this thing we now know he clearly did are coming forward to reflect on this unexpected turn of events . ( normally i would embed these tweets , but some of the exchanges are long enough , or the dates are n't clear enough , that screenshots make more sense . ) image : twitter screencapimage : twitter screencapthis one drew a whole string of similar responses from the peanut gallery : image : twitter screencapin the end , this tweet kind of says it all :
blake shelton and miranda lambert divorced in 2015 , but lately , their names have been making headlines together once again . some relationship rumors and cryptic tweets have led to quite a bit of drama surrounding the two country stars . last week — amid reports that lambert is dating evan felker following her reported split from anderson east — shelton tweeted a message that left fans scratching their heads . been taking the high road for a long time . . i almost gave up . but i can finally see something on the horizon up there !! wait !! could it be ?! yep !! it ’s karma !! — blake shelton ( @blakeshelton ) april 25 , 2018 “ been taking the high road for a long time . i almost gave up , ” he wrote . “ but i can finally see something on the horizon up there ! wait ! could it be ? yep ! it ’s karma ! ” the internet quickly assumed this musing was about his ex-wife 's love life — and shelton fueled those assumptions with some not-so-subtle retweets . take this one , for example , where he shared a fan 's gif response of a woman throwing a balloon at a man , only to have it bounce back and hit her , too : rt @blakeshelton : been taking the high road for a long time . . i almost gave up . but i can finally see something on the horizon up there !! wait !! could it be ?! yep !! it ’s karma !! pic.twitter.com/4mamz1k6bo— michaelanthony ( @mikeai77 ) april 25 , 2018 the target of these shady tweets seems obvious — but shelton still tried to shut down speculation that he was taking jabs at his ex during a recent facebook live interview . " if it was meant for people to know exactly what it meant , it would n't have been so cryptic , " he said myteriously . " but i can tell you it 's been , actually , very entertaining to watch the world run with it and assume what they think it 's about . " the plot thickens !
during snap inc. 's quarterly earnings report , released on tuesday , the company disclosed that it snagged a revenue total of $ 230.8 million for the first quarter of 2018 , an increase of 54 % compared to last year , largely fueled by its augmented reality offerings and other advertising products.while snapchat faced a backlash as a result of its app redesign , the company also saw daily active users rise to 191 million for the quarter , a 15 % increase compared to the same period in 2017 . during the earnings webcast , company founder and ceo evan spiegel addressed the controversy about the mobile app 's redesign , its impact on the business , and its plan to optimize the design before reviewing the progress of its augmented reality platform . he specifically touched on the adoption of and upgrades to its lens studio creation platform and its snappables lenses for shared ar experiences and gaming . " we expanded our augmented reality platform and offerings significantly this quarter . lens studio has seen incredible adoption . over 200 of the lenses created by our community were viewed over a million times in the few months since launch , " said spiegel , in prepared remarks issued ahead of the earnings webcast . " our community has used these tools in ways we would have never imagined , and they have inspired us to invest more in empowering their creativity . " snapchat 's redesign , along with a change in its ad buy model , impacted the overall demand for ads on snapchat . however , the total number of lenses sold still increased 16 % year-over-year . imran khan , snap inc. 's chief strategy officer , also emphasized the introduction of new e-commerce tools for augmented reality experiences as part of its enhanced ad product suite . " we 're also continuing to evolve our formats , and i 'm really excited about our recent launch of shoppable augmented reality , " said khan . " since bringing lenses to market in 2015 , we have seen this product drive tons of engagement and even create pop culture moments ... as we scale adoption of this product , we are confident that it will help accelerate the growth of our lens business as well . " during the question and answer session , the company noted that self-service tools like lens studio will be an area of focus for growing its overall advertising business . " at the end of the day , we are transitioning , right now , to the creative tools business , " said drew vollero , snap inc. 's chief financial officer . " we really are focused on being the value leader in the advertising platform . " from new lenses and app features to its creative suite and advertising tools , it 's clear that the company intends to lean even more heavily on ar for 2018 and likely beyond . cover image via snapchat /
light westworld spoilers ahead.only two episodes of westworld 's second season have aired and already hbo has confirmed season 3 is in the works , according to deadline . this probably comes as a shock to very few considering the sci-fi western stars the likes of evan rachel wood , thandie newton , ed harris , and jeffrey wright . not to mention it took home five emmys its first year out , with 22 nominations total . “ it ’s been an extraordinary pleasure to work with the exceptionally talented jonathan nolan and lisa joy , as well as their gifted cast and crew , " president of hbo programming , casey bloys , said in a statement . " from the inspired storytelling to the incredible visuals , we are so excited to see where the next chapter will take us . ” with the season 2 premiere confirming a total of six parks owned by delos — we have n't even seen shogun world yet — there should be plenty of this universe to explore . and as co-creator lisa joy told elle before the premiere , " [ delos ] is more than just a disneyland of sin . there are layers to what the corporation is doing . ” here 's hoping teddy ( james marsden ) does n't have to die too many more times , though . keep checking back here for updates on cast announcements , spoilers , trailers , and more.westworld airs sundays at 9 p.m. est on hbo .
are you a dog lover ? do you currently have a dog in your house ? if so , you may want to put your phone away and go check on your capricious canine because these pictures are proof that even the most lovable pups ca n't always be trusted . you 'll see them wind up in appliances , pools , and even toilets . you may get upset at your dog at first , but there is no way you can stay made at these adorable creatures . scroll through to see 14 funny photos of adorable dogs being very " bad boys . " make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you liked the most . 1 . " oh , i was just going to help put these away " 2 . when your pup smells steak 3 . " do n't worry , i saved you a slice " 4 . and you thought untangling christmas lights was tough before 5 . " can i come in now ? " 6 . the dog looks satisfied with his work 7 . already in hiding cause they know it 's wrong 8 . tearing apart the things you use to clean up 9 . " hello , neighbor . so how about them treats ? " 10 . anyone with a dog has seen this guilty look before 11 . " forensics found a definite paw print match " 12 . doggy whirlpool 13 . he 's got that look that just screams he knows he 's not supposed to be in there 14 . mmmm tasty toothbrush which of these doggies did you like the most ?
kanye west has sparked serious backlash after stating in an interview with tmz that he thinks slavery was “ a choice . ” west met with tmz and political commentator candace owens to discuss the political nature of today ’s society . during the conversation , he said he believes slavery is a choice . “ when you hear about slavery for 400 years — for 400 years ? that sounds like a choice . like , you were there for 400 years and it ’s all of y’ all … it ’s like we ’re mentally in prison , ” west explained . he then went on to explain that he prefers the term “ imprisoned ” rather than “ slavery ” because “ slavery goes too direct to the idea of blacks . ” west believes that prison unites all races together , rather than separate us . “ prison is something that unites us as one race , blacks and whites as one race , ” he says . “ that we ’re the human race . ” following the release of this interview , west experienced immediate backlash from fans and celebrities alike .
mark zuckerberg has made it clear that fake profiles and soviet robots have no place on facebook . but worry not , robots . ' messenger ' is still a hospitable home for bots like you . at f8 , facebook 's vice president of messaging products , david marcus , jovially reported that messenger 's integration with business is going swimmingly . according to marcus , over 8 billion messages have been sent between people and businesses . and there are 300,000 monthly active bots engaging with customers on messenger . facebook introduced messenger bots for businesses at f8 in 2016 . the idea is that bots allow for automated communication between businesses and customers , helping with issues like product recommendations and customer service . according to marcus , that 300,000 number grew from just 100,000 monthly active bots in its first year . david marcus ' messenger updates struck an odd tone in comparison with the rest of f8 . in his keynote , mark zuckerberg emphasized that he wants facebook to be a " people first " platform . " when i look out today it still surprises me how little of our technology is designed to put people first , " zuckerberg said . " i believe that we need to design technology to help bring people closer together . " " people first " messaging pervaded the rest of f8 , with instagram , whatsapp , and other product updates stressing how facebook is helping to enrich interpersonal relationships . it mirrors facebook 's refocus on users over news , that it announced in the midst of questions about fake news and russian troll accounts . but we ca n't forget that advertising and commerce is what makes facebook 's financial world go ' round . so , facebook may be attempting to quell the " bad actor " bots from its platform . but when it comes to helpful bots that assist people in buying things ? the more the merrier .
love has brought lots of pains into the lives of young people more especially because of the wrong choice of a life partner . pains as a result of dating at the wrong time of their life . love leaves memories that no can steal , imagine if the memory is a painful one?when you have all what it takes to travel and the destination is also decided , it makes such a journey a much easier one . however if you are not ready but want to embark on such journey , and have to rely on someone to embark on the journey , it becomes a dangerous and difficult one . it becomes even worse when that person is neither ready nor real.waiting becomes painful and if in the end you fail to embark on the journey because you were disappointed , it becomes painful to forget such a person . but the worst pain is when you do n't know if you should wait or forget , if you should move on or hold on.if only our eyes could see the mind of people , many people would apply the breaks when it comes to falling in love , but unfortunately it is n’t so . this is why one is required to be ready before embarking on such a journey.in life everything runs on the back of priorities and if you do n't learn how to stand on your own feet , you will always beg for a shoulder to lean on . it is therefore required of every individual going into marriage to be ready . turn your dreams into plans ; get to know the priorities of anyone who asks for your hand in love , dating or marriage.if they ca n't make you a priority in their lives , there is no need making room for them . if they are not ready to be with you then stop making yourself available for them . it is as simple as that.you do n't need to start such journey as the mate or conductor , if you do , you might lose your seat . you need to be in the front seat . you need to sit next to anyone who wants you as a spouse and not behind with someone else beside them ; not even if they beg you to stay behind and promise that the one beside them will get off along the way.the truth is , if you start off as the other man or woman , you will never be the only man or woman in their lives . you will end up alone . before you call them your lover , be sure they have made you one . do n't live on dreams . this life is reality.how do you know you are not their priorities ? it is when they make you last , when replies get slower , when conversations get shorter , when you are blamed or accused.if you want your current or next relationship to be the last one , then stop rushing , stop worrying , stop looking , stop wanting . let love find you , let them learn about you , let them need you . reserve your heart for the one who deserves it and not the one who comes first.in conclusion " the wise man saves for the future , but the foolish man spends whatever he gets "
one day a woman wanted to know how the husband would react if she left without telling him where she had gone . so she decided to write him a letter saying she is tired of him and did n't want to live with him anymore and after writing she put the letter on the table in the bedroom and then hid under the bed ... when the husband came back home , saw the letter and read it , he replied on the same paper and then began to sing and dance changing his clothes . he got his phone , dialed someone then said : " hey babe , am just changing clothes then will join you , as for the other fool it has finally dawned on her that i was fooling around with her and has left . i was wrong . . really wrong to have married her , i wish i had known you earlier . see you soon honey ! " the husband walked out of the room and left . in tears and very upset , the woman got up from under the bed and decided to go and read what the husband wrote on the letter . when she got the letter , it said : " i could see your feet under the bed , i did n't make any phone call . . i am going to buy bread . stand up , stop your silly games and prepare me a meal .... i love you!good day i 'm sure you are laughing now ... make someone else laugh too by sharing
ingredients : 1/2 cup lemon juice 1/3 cup honey 1/4 cup soy sauce 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion 4 garlic cloves , minced 2 teaspoons dried parsley flakes 2 teaspoons dried basil 1 teaspoon salt-free seasoning blend 1 teaspoon white pepper 1 teaspoon lime juice 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 4 ounces each ) directions : in a large bowl , combine the first 10 ingredients . pour 2/3 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag ; add the chicken . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight . cover and refrigerate the remaining marinade . drain and discard marinade . using long-handled tongs , moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack . grill chicken , uncovered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from the heat for 6-8 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 170 ° , basting occasionally with reserved marinade.nutritional facts : 1 each : 179 calories , 3g fat ( 1g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 515 mg sodium , 14g carbohydrate ( 12g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 24g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1 starch.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating grill : 15 min .
it goes without saying , but feeding wildlife can have unintended consequences . tourists visiting the australian town of morisset have learnt the hard way , as the area 's large , wild kangaroo population has been responsible for an increasing number of attacks on visitors . the problem stems from kangaroos being fed human foods which are outside of their natural diet , causing them to be hungrier and more aggressive for it . " there have been a number of reported incidents in which kangaroos have attacked visitors , in one case causing a very deep gash to a man 's stomach , " greg piper , a port macquarie mp , said in a statement . " in most cases they have been kicking out , clawing faces , and grappling with people , causing lacerations or significant scratching . " a local shuttle operator , shane lewis , told abc news that he wants more people to be educated about the dangers of feeding kangaroos . while there is ample warning signage at morisset hospital , where people stop off to see kangaroos , tourists lugging bags of food to feed the animals have ignored this . " the kangaroos see at least 2,000 tourists a week and they do n't need 2,000 carrots or bananas and bread , chips and biscuits , " lewis told the news outlet . " i 've even seen some silly people feeding them mcdonalds , kfc , corn chips , oats and there are some foods they are very aggressive for . " lewis said a man who had just visited a mcdonalds had his stomach " gashed open " by a kangaroo , who for some reason went at him , despite having no food in posession . piper said he did n't want to stop people from seeing the kangaroos , but there should be more signage — in multiple languages — warning visitors to not feed . " the genie is out of the bottle and it seems unlikely that this tourism can be stopped ... there should be appropriate signage about not feeding the animals as well as advice that the kangaroos can cause injury , " he added .
ingredients : 2-1/2 pounds small red potatoes 1 medium onion , cut into 1/2-inch slices 1/2 cup olive oil , divided 1 teaspoon salt , divided 1/2 teaspoon pepper , divided 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar 2 tablespoons lemon juice 1 tablespoon dijon mustard 2 teaspoons sugar 2 garlic cloves , minced 1/4 cup minced fresh tarragondirections : place potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with water . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; cover and cook for 10 minutes . drain ; cool slightly . cut each in half . in a large bowl , combine the potatoes , onion , 1/4 cup oil , 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper ; toss to coat . arrange vegetables , cut side down , on a grilling grid ; place on a grill rack . grill , covered , over medium heat for 8-10 minutes or until vegetables are tender and lightly browned , turning occasionally . chop onion . place onion and potatoes in bowl . in a small bowl , whisk the vinegar , lemon juice , mustard , sugar , garlic and remaining oil , salt and pepper . add to potato mixture ; toss to coat . sprinkle with tarragon . serve warm or at room temperature . refrigerate leftovers.note : if you do not have a grilling grid , use a disposable foil pan . poke holes in the bottom of the pan with a meat fork to allow any liquid to drain.nutritional facts : 3/4 cup : 215 calories , 12g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 312 mg sodium , 24g carbohydrate ( 4g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 3g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2 fat , 1-1/2 starch.makes : 9 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . grill : 10 min .
at the very least , ford 's latest hybrid concept will probably get suburban dads excited — a detachable electric motorcycle within a car . the car company 's new concept design sounds like something straight out of a james bond storyline ( again , dads ) , but according to its patent filing published last week , ford just wants to make it easier for people to get around . spotted by autoweek , ford filed the idea in october for a motorcycle that sits within a small sedan — not as a sidecar , but inside the car . the electric motorcycle fits between the driver and passenger seats . ford explains the invention in action for this situation : you 're heading into a crowded or restricted urban center . you can drive your car-motorcycle hybrid as a regular car , then once outside the city center , park the car . then , you can whip out the motorcycle and ride into the city on two wheels with an electric motor . what a trip . it sounds much cooler than it looks based on these sketches — this looks like a fuel-efficient sedan for a suburban dad with a lingering motorcycle obsession . image : usptoimage : usptowe reached out to ford to see if these 007/bored dad fantasies could ever become reality . here 's the full patent application to explore the motorcycle-in-a-car concept .
svs has introduced an audio adapter that makes it easy to add wireless connectivity to subwoofers , speakers , and other audio gear.the svs soundpath wireless audio adapter kit ( $ 90 ) includes compact transmitter and receiver modules that send and receive a full-range signal up to 65 feet at cd quality , according to the company . the system ’s rated frequency response is 6 hz to 22,000 hz ± 1 db and signals are transmitted over the 2.4-ghz band with an “ ultra-low latency ” of less than 25 milliseconds.adding wireless connectivity not only reduces cable clutter but greatly expands placement options , which is especially important for a subwoofer.described as quick and easy to install , the system will work with almost any wired audio device , including subwoofers , powered speakers , amplifiers , tvs , and media streamers . each module has a jack for power and one minijack connector — an input on the transmitter for connecting to a receiver or source component and output on the receiver module for connecting to a subwoofer , speaker , or amplifier . the kit includes two 17-inch 3.5mm-to-rca stereo cables and two 15-inch 3.5 mm stereo-to-rca mono cables.once connections are made , the soundpath modules are paired via a simple routine . svs says up to three adapters can be paired to create a multi-room distributed audio system . “ svs engineered the best performing wireless subwoofer adapter available and then made it better by designing it to pass a pristine and accurate full-range audio signal for the benefit of speaker owners , ” said svs president and ceo gary yacoubian . “ the soundpath wireless audio adapter reduces subwoofer cable clutter without sacrificing performance better than any solution available , but it also unlocks wireless connectivity for a stereo zone , powered surround sound speakers and amplifiers , and solves placement and aesthetic issues . ”
banks like to call themselves technology companies . and most large ones are currently focused on fighting — and winning — the war for talent against silicon valley . the problem is , they have issues when it comes to incentivizing their many tech employees to create great products . banks ’ digital transformation seems to have slowed over the past year . m &amp; a is n’t as much or as frequent as many observers of the space had anticipated . banks have put millions of investment dollars in technology companies and fintech startups , but since they ’re still plagued with legacy technology and systems , implementing new digital processes and features is a long-term project . in this installment of confessions , in which we trade anonymity in exchange for honesty , we spoke with a fintech ceo who spent 15 years as a trader in a handful of major wall street firms about how banks are shaping up in the innovation race with fintech startups and other competitors , why having a mission is central to incentivizing strong bank engineers to do good work and how not having one can make “ waiting for the future boring . ” edited highlights below .
black-ish “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00 – 9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network , streaming and on demand . black-ish season 4 episode 22 photos collateral damage . abc ’s “ black-ish ” stars anthony anderson as andre “ dre ” johnson , tracee ellis ross as rainbow johnson , laurence fishburne as pops , yara shahidi as zoey johnson , marcus scribner as andre johnson jr. , miles brown as jack johnson , marsai martin as diane johnson , jenifer lewis as ruby , peter mackenzie as mr. stevens and deon cole as charlie telphy . guest starring is anna deavere smith as alicia . “ collateral damage ” was written by owen smith and directed by gail lerner . the series was created by kenya barris and is executive produced by barris , jonathan groff , stacy traub , anthony anderson , laurence fishburne , helen sugland , e. brian dobbins and corey nickerson . the series is produced by abc studios . abc ’s “ black-ish ” is broadcast in 720 progressive ( 720p ) , abc ’s selected hdtv format , with 5.1-channel surround sound . a tv parental guideline will be assigned to this program at a later date . black-ish season 4 episode 22 photos collateral damage black-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) marcus scribnerblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) yara shahidi , marsai martin , laurence fishburne , anthony anderson , jenifer lewis , tracee ellis ross , anna deavere smith , miles brownblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) marsai martin , yara shahidi , anthony anderson , laurence fishburne , tracee ellis ross , jenifer lewis , anna deavere smith , miles brownblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) yara shahidi , anthony anderson , laurence fishburne , tracee ellis rossblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) yara shahidi , marsai martin , laurence fishburne , jenifer lewis , anthony anderson , tracee ellis ross , miles brown , marcus scribnerblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) laurence fishburne , marsai martin , jenifer lewis , anthony anderson , miles brown , tracee ellis ross , marcus scribnerblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) laurence fishburne , marsai martin , anthony anderson , tracee ellis ross , miles brown , marcus scribnerblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) laurence fishburne , anthony anderson , jenifer lewis , tracee ellis ross , anna deavere smithblack-ish – “ collateral damage ” – the johnson kids attempt to keep their emotions in check after an estranged dre and bow try “ nesting , ” taking turns living in the family house separately to give each other space . but tensions mount as the family gathers together for junior ’s high school graduation , on “ black-ish , ” tuesday , may 8 ( 9:00-9:30 p.m. edt ) , on the abc television network . ( abc/ron tom ) marsai martin , yara shahidi , anthony anderson , laurence fishburne , jenifer lewis , tracee ellis ross , anna deavere smith , miles brown
verelife.coma happy bride and groom on their wedding day . they are excited about their future life and are full of hopes and dreams . they hope their marriage will be long and joyful . however , many marriages that start out well do not stay that way . for a marriage to last and be happy , a couple needs guidance from god . the bible says that marriage too is a gift from god and that it has some advantages.genesis 2 : 18 . the lord god said , " it is not good for the man to be alone . i will make a helper suitable for him . " god created eve to be adam ’s wife , and they became the first human family . if a couple have children , their marriage should create a stable environment in which they can raise them . psalms 127 : 3 . sons are a heritage from the lord , children a reward from him.ephesians 6 : 1-4 . children , obey your parents in the lord , for this is right . " honor your father and mother " -- which is the first commandment with a promisethat it may go well with you and that you may enjoy long life on the earth.fathers , do not exasperate your children ; instead , bring them up in the training and instruction of the lord.verelife.com
whatsapp status is a very interesting feature to use . it has been a lot of data zapping since whatsapp introduced status to its features , you can upload pictures , videos ( video duration can not be more than 30 seconds or they automatically get split ) or even write on your status . these status messages are programmed to last for 24 hrs and many of its users do n’t know how to save these statuses , so people do screenshots and screen records to save these statuses . in this post , we are going to be teaching you how to save whatsapp status on your phone so you can view them later . how to save viewed whatsapp status on your device * before we start this tutorial you must know that once you view whatsapp images or videos , you have automatically downloaded it to your device and it is set to auto delete after 24 hrs . the first thing is to view the video/image status open your file manager on your phone click option in the right corner ( if you use an infinix note 3 ) , then click show hidden files . then search and click on whatsapp click on media , then status after you click on status you ’ll see the file containing all the media files status you have viewed , now it ’s time to get them for yourself to save the media status just copy it and paste it out of the folder , in most cases it is advisable you move it out then you have that media file all for yourself views : 4
toronto -- lebron james , who admitted to feeling " burnt " after averaging 41.4 minutes during a seven-game playoff series against the indiana pacers , says he 's ready to take on the toronto raptors in the eastern conference semifinals . " i 'll be all right , " james said at the cleveland cavaliers ' shootaround tuesday morning . " i 'll be fine . " cavs coach tyronn lue acknowledged that he has to protect his 33-year-old superstar during the second round , where there is just one day off between games . " just got to be smart about the situation , " lue said . " i know he wants to play and play a lot , but we 've got to be smart because we play every other day , so there 's not a lot of time really to recover . " lue , who said he was impressed by his team 's focus during an hourlong walk-through monday before flying to toronto , explained how james is able to mask his fatigue . " [ he looks tired ] just after the game , but not during the game , " lue said . " i think his mental toughness -- just being mentally prepared , not giving in to fatigue -- is a big part of who he is . " when a reporter characterized james ' bevy of minutes as an " issue , " the four-time mvp rejected the insinuation . " it was n't an issue , " james said . " it 's what i had to do to help us get to the second round . and we 're worried about the second round now that we 're here . " james was magnificent against the pacers , averaging 34.4 points on 55.3 percent shooting from the field ( 35.3 percent from 3 ) and 81.8 percent from the foul line , to go with 10.1 rebounds , 7.7 assists , 1.4 steals and 1.0 block per game.he was not interested in rehashing his individual success in the first round , however . " it 's about what we did , " james said . " just trying to help us advance . i had a lot of things that i had to do to try to help our team win , and i was satisfied with the fact that i was able to go out and make plays to help our team succeed and move onto the next round , and that 's the most important thing . " the cavs lost 133-99 on the last occasion they played in toronto , on jan. 11 . that was before they revamped their roster at the trade deadline . after their moves , they beat the raptors twice -- 132-129 on march 21 and 112-106 on april 3 -- to take the season series 2-1 . cleveland also beat toronto in the postseason the past two years -- six games in the 2016 conference finals and a four-game sweep in the 2017 semifinals -- but james does n't think there is much of a comparison there . " i do n't know about previous years and things of that nature , " james said . " i worry about this present raptors team that we 're facing , and they 're the no. 1 team in the east for a reason . they are well-balanced . the head of the snake is demar [ derozan ] and kyle [ lowry ] , but they 've added some pieces this year that has helped this team be more complete . and obviously their bench is extremely well-balanced . they come in and play with the same aggression and the same focus and the same confidence as the first unit . " so they 're a more well-balanced team this year , and they showed it in their record , they showed it in their ability to win games and they showed why they 're the no. 1 team in the east . so i do n't know , i 'm not comparing . let 's just talk about this year . " the raptors ' bench of delon wright , cj miles , pascal siakam and jakob poeltl combined to average 32.5 points per game against the washington wizards in the first round . and that does not include fred vanvleet , maybe toronto 's most dynamic threat in the second unit , who missed most of the series with a shoulder injury . " their second unit is a big part of what they do , " lue said . " they come up with a lot of energy , they score the basketball , they defend well . so we got to just be able to come out and just hold that second unit down as best as we can . " although james was not willing to look back on past matchups with toronto , derozan was . " they stopped us from getting to our goal [ all ] these years , " derozan said . " if you 're not frustrated with that and that do n't bring the extra energy from within us ... i know for a fact our crowd is definitely going to be in it and have that same energy . for sure , if that 's what it takes for us to get past it , by calling it a rivalry , why not ? "
if observed , there are now many restaurants and cafes that not only sell the food menu to consumers . now these restaurants are also competing to present a unique and contemporary dining design to attract buyers.not without cause , the owners of this restaurant to design their place to eat in such a way , because see the habits of young people who always upload photos of food or eating places they visit to social media . that way , this restaurant or cafe will become hits and crowded to visit people.not only comes with a contemporary design , some restaurants and cafes are also seen using the theme of cartoon characters as the design of the place to eat . with the theme of cartoons , the owners of this restaurant offers a different sensation to eat and certainly instagramable really.let 's not curious , here are 5 places to eat with a cartoon theme for you to visit that collected from various sources .1 . d'moners , doraemon . { " width " : 900 , " web_uri " : " 005ae95003f38095088a " , " height " : 800 , " description " : " photo : instagram / @ dmonershome " } a faithful cartoon character accompanying your childhood until you already have this child does have a lot of fans . no wonder that the cartoon character who is a blue cat robot is so inspiring to create a restaurant . carrying the theme of doraemon , a place to eat called d'moners is located in the city of bandung , indonesia.this restaurant has a lot of spot for photos with doraemon funny trinkets that must be very instagramable . the menu offered is also not far from the food country of origin doraemon , japan . here you can also try dorayaki you know , doraemon favorite food .2 . one piece baratie , one piece { " width " : 900 , " web_uri " : " 005ae950e9f380a5cd9a " , " height " : 400 , " description " : " photo : jalan2kejepang.com " } if you are on a trip to japan , try to visit the baratie one piece restaurant . from the name aja already know this restaurant carries the theme of what cartoon . yep , one piece cartoon ! located in fuji tv building , odaiba , japan , this unique restaurant offers a rooftop garden-style dining area overlooking the sea . so feel real eating together with luffy and friends . various one piece themed interiors will often see you in every corner when entering this restaurant .3 . salta3 burger , spongebob { " width " : 900 , " web_uri " : " 005ae951d90940968c85 " , " height " : 400 , " description " : " photo : facebook / salta3 burger " } it turns out the restaurant belongs to mr. krab in spongebob cartoon series is really there you know in the real world . this restaurant is located in the middle east region , precisely in the city of ramallah , palestine . the restaurant officially opened on july 24 , 2014 ago has a building similar to the restaurant krusty krab . even the interior design is also made the same as the usual seen in a cartoon series that tells the life of this yellow-sea creature and his friends . in addition to similar buildings , the food menu at this restaurant also offers a burger similar to krabby patty you know .4 . kitty 's corner cafe , hello kitty { " width " : 900 , " web_uri " : " 005ae9526ab600a241f5 " , " height " : 400 , " description " : " photo : instagram / @ kittyscornercafe " } who does not know the cat character identical to this pink color ? restaurant with hello kitty theme is already often found abroad . but this time for you who live in indonesia do not need all the way out of the country because now there is a cafe themed hello kitty in indonesia.precisely located in beach indah kapuk , jakarta . the cafe called kitty 's corner cafe is really going to spoil you hello kitty lovers . the reason , both interior design and food are all related to hello kitty and of course instagramable really .5 . cafe pop-up minions , minionsthe famous yellow cartoon character for his cute and adorable behavior is present in a cafe form . corporate shopping center , parco is the mastermind behind the presence of cafe with this minions pop-up concept . this cafe has been successful in five major cities in japan and at the end of last year minions pop-up cafe is also present in singapore . unfortunately this cafe is just a temporary cafe that opened for 70 days , as when opened in singapore this cafe can only be visited from 23 november 2017 until 31 january 2018 ago .
handling your child or teens mean or critical comments can be quite challenging . we love our kids and sacrifice so much for them , that comments like these cut to the core . following are some ideas on how to handle your child or teens mean or critical comments . the great thing about this topic is that you can apply it to anyone ’s hurtful comments.how to handle your child or teens mean or critical commentskim fredrickson , m.s.kim fredrickson , m.s. , marriage and family therapist ( ca mfc 22635 ) and life , parent , and relationship coach is the author of many popular cd ’s and articles that will help you build encouraging relationships in your life . to learn more about kim and sign up for more free relationships tips like these , check out her weekly podcast , encouragement for your soul at http://www.kimspodcast.comwww.kimspodcast.com as well as visit http://www.encouragingrelationships.com for more practical help with kids and teens.handling your child or teens mean or critical comments can be quite challenging . we love our kids and sacrifice so much for them , that comments like these cut to the core . following are some ideas on how to handle your child or teens mean or critical comments . the great thing about this topic is that you can apply it to anyone ’s hurtful comments.teenagersi ’m focusing on children ’s or teens comments because those take a little more understanding . often children and adults alike will feel hurt and frustrations , and hold these feelings in until there is so much built up that they come spewing out . when this happens the intensity of the comments as well as the strength of the words will be excessive . this applies to us parents as well -- we all can say forceful words when angry , frustrated , or afraid.realize it is normal for you to feel hurt , shocked , angry and confused when receiving a mean comment . so , if you have this reaction you are very , very normal . as a parent and an adult , it is up to us to stay the grown up and not respond back in pain in a similar manner.one caveat to the tips i ’m sharing is that you do not need to listen to abusive talk toward you . for instance , it is ok but hard to hear you child say they are mad at you , frustrated with you , irritated by you , etc. you do not have to listen if your child or teen curses at you , calls you names , or is trashing you . if this occurs , i would say , “ i can tell you are in a lot of pain , and you have a lot to say . i will not allow myself to be sworn at or called names . how about if we both calm down and try again in an hour . i ’d like to hear specifically what you are upset about and how you are feeling . i ’m going out for a walk . i ’ll be back in an hour , and we can try again . ” likewise , if you find yourself yelling or name calling , or making sweeping statements such as “ you always ” or “ you never ” , you need to take a break until you ’ve calmed down.following are a few tips to help you turn negative comments from a painful experience to one that actually deepens and strengthens your relationship with your child or teen . the goal is to understand your child or teen better , increase the emotional safety in your relationship by being a safe person while he/she shares feelings , and repair whatever real or perceived hurt has occurred . you can actually come out closer than when you started .1 . listen – listen to what they are saying – try to listen all the way through . as normal as it is to interrupt , interject and respond back immediately , it will short circuit the interaction , and you wo n’t be able to make headway with your child or teen .2 . open your heart and mind – try not to be defensive . this is n’t about defending yourself -- this is about hearing your child / teen , letting them know you take their pain seriously , and will work with them to come up with a solution .3 . what is he/she trying to say ? – as you listen , ask yourself what is her main complaint ? what feelings is he/she having ? if you had to boil down his/her thoughts and feelings into one or two sentences , what would it be ? 4 . what is the pain he/she is trying to express ? is she feeling ignored , not considered , that something is unfair , that he ’s been harmed in some way , that he/she is n’t getting enough attention or listening time , etc ? try to boil it down so that you can understand it better .5 . what is he/she saying is missing ? this is always a good thing to listen for -- is it time , love , affection , fairness , being understood , appropriate freedom , hanging out time , encouragement ? 6 . what does she need ? a good question to ask is “ if i could wave a magic wand and fix what you are dealing with , what would happen ? ” the answers may surprise you . kids and teens do not just know these answers -- they figure them out as you ask them good questions . sometimes it is that something needs to happen , or that something distressing needs to stop .7 . what do you need ? what do you need in this situation ? is it affirmation from another adult that there is hope , that you are doing a good job , or that you need a break or practical help with parenting ? check in with yourself . if your needs are not met to a minimal amount , you wo n’t be able to be there for your child or teen . our emotional needs should not be filled by our kids . they need to be who they are , going through what they are going through . it is not up to them to make us feel ok , adequate , or good enough . these are normal needs that every parent has -- they just need to be met by other adults , not by your kids .8 . work with yourself on what they ’ve shared . ask yourself -- is there a kernel of truth in what my child or teen has shared ? what could i do to help my child in this situation ? please know that just by listening in an empathetic and validating way you are already doing a lot ! 9 . what can you say to yourself that ’s an encouragement ? maybe things like ” i am a good parent even if i ’m not perfect . i can give myself the gift of listening to my child/teen and build the relationship . i can repair the relationship , if needed . all the love and effort i ’ve given my child/teen will pay off -- it is deep inside them , and none of it goes to waste ” . add your own statements to this list .10 . what is one concrete thing you could do to consider and respond to your child ’s complaint ? write out possibilities , even if small . even though it may seem like one more thing that you now have to do you do n’t have time for , it will be worth the effort . remember a happy child/teen is much easier to deal with than one who is tied up inside with pain and frustration .11 . is there anything you need to apologize for ? remember that most of the things kids feel hurt or frustrated by are unintentional , and sometimes are distortions on their part . even if this is true the emotional hurt needs to be repaired.remember you do n’t need to figure out all this in the spur of the moment . that would be almost impossible to do . it ’s fine to summarize to your teen what you ’ve heard him/her share ( thoughts/feelings/main complaint ) , and then say " i really want to think about how to respond to this -- because what you have shared is really important to me . i ’ll think some more about it and i ’d like you to as well . let ’s talk more about it tomorrow . " this will then give you time to think it all through , pray about it , and get support from a friend . make sure you bring it up with your child/teen the next day -- otherwise this will really hurt.remember to thank them for taking the risk to share their tender thoughts and feelings with you . it is a huge gift to you to have them open up and show you their hurts and feelings . even though it is hard to hear , the alternative of them handling these feelings and frustrations on their ownscience articles , then acting them out with disturbing behavior is a pretty bad option -- for you and for them!i sure hope this helped . you are amazing to want to learn how to help your children and teens when they are hurt and frustrated .
sunglasses this season are in a special focus.and this year 's trends are really diverse and above all daring . that 's why we are sure that among the most desirable models of the season , each of you will easily find at least one in your taste , and each of these sunglasses will help you this spring to improve your style : 1 . miniaturewhen ryan at the last year 's cannes film festival on red carpet with miniature sunglasses , worn in the nineties , she launched one of the leading trends in the season and this model of glasses is currently the most desirable .2 . heart-shapedso far only individuals have been worn by them , but the heart-shaped sunglasses this season have become a hit among well-known fashion readers and fashion bloggers , and their popularity has been largely contributed by saint laurent 's fashion house who put them in their collection for the current season .3 . colorthe striking sunglasses with glasses in all colors of the rain have been bearing since last year , and this season they are not going anywhere and are especially popular at the festivals .4 . retro catthis is one of the most gorgeous models of glasses that carry a dose of parisian chick with it . but before you spend money on one such pair , be sure to check that your mom or aunt have their old cat sunglasses , because you will be even more retro .5 . with extraordinary detailsfor those most important of you , there are also sunglasses with beads , crystals , flowers and various other decorations in which you will surely draw all the glances wherever you appear . and this trend has been approved by rihanna .
before bringing a furry kitten home , it 's worth understanding that an animal is not only a joy but also a great responsibility . you have to learn everyday care . a favorite has to have its own corner and a balanced diet.foodpet stores have a huge assortment of feed . but do not necessarily feed your pet with factory feed . you can give him a natural meal in the form of boiled meat and fish , some vegetables , sour-milk products , cereals . if you have already decided to feed the kitten with prepared feeds , it should take into account a number of factors : age , breed , illness , sterilization , etc.vitaminscats that live permanently in an apartment should additionally receive vitamins in the form of supplements for food and pills . plant a special grass for cats on the windowsill , so that your pet can have a rest from time to time , and your indoor plants will remain intact.visit to the veterinarianevery review of a pet 's doctor is a kind of prevention of all kinds of diseases . especially since early diagnosis is a guarantee of successful treatment and rapid recovery of the animal.if you plan to travel the country and want to take a kitten with you , then vaccination from rabies is necessary for him , because without this vaccination the animal may not be allowed to another area.cooking time in your cribyou can put a pet in his basket . however , making him sleep all night is unlikely to succeed . most sailors fit comfortably on the beds of their masters . interestingly , cats usually go to sleep to those most loved.if you do not want to share your bed with a tailing friend , then you can accustom a cat to sleep separately . take the pet to the room in which he has to sleep . turn off the light and close the door . pre-leave in the " cat room " a toilet and a bowl of water.most likely , your first night your cat will protest . so get ready for a mournful cry . in order for a cat to get used to sleeping himself , it will have to wait a week or two.good luck with you and your four-legged friends !
1 . soda machines are difficult to cleanmany fast food restaurants will give you a cup after you place your order so that you can go to the soda machine , fill your cup with ice , choose your favorite flavor , and fill your cup . the next time you pour your soda , you might want to look into the ice dispenser . because this part of the soda dispenser is practically impossible to clean , you will likely see mold inside . the dispenser is n’t moldy because the employees are lazy , it is just really hard to clean .2 . your chicken mcnuggets are n’t freshif you ever go to mcdonald ’s to order chicken mcnuggets , you should understand that they are not as fresh as you would like them to be . the mcnuggets sit in a warming tray , waiting for someone to order them . after they come out of the fryer , a timer is set . if the mcnuggets have n’t been bought by then , they are thrown away and a new batch is made . according to many mcdonald ’s employees , the mcnuggets in the warming try are n’t thrown away . they just reset the timer .3 . the meat in wendy ’s chili has been re-purposedwhen burgers are sitting too long on the grill at wendy ’s they are n’t served to customers . not as burgers at least . the old burgers are placed in a bin and they are put in the refrigerator . when it is time to make the chili , the employees boil the burgers , they chop them up , and they put them into the chili . it may sound strange , but it is actually very practical . they are able to avoid wasting food and money .4 . get two big macs for the price of oneif you go to mcdonald ’s for a big mac , you can get two for the price of one . well , sort of . the mcdouble is the same as a big mac , except it is smaller and instead of lettuce and mac sauce , it has mustard and ketchup . since mcdoubles cost just $ 1 or $ 2 , you can make a couple of substitutes and you can get two big macs . since burger king is n’t the only fast food chain who will , “ do it your way ” , you can ask to have a few substitutions made to your mcdouble . if you ask them to leave out the mustard and ketchup and have them replace it with the lettuce and the mac sauce , you will get two smaller big macs for the price of one .5 . the grill marks are n’t realthis is one of the most upsetting secrets fast food companies do n’t want you to know . if you look at your burger or your chicken from a fast food restaurant , you will see grill marks . unfortunately , the grill marks are n’t real . fast food restaurants do n’t even cook their burgers and chicken on an open flame , therefore , the grill marks are fake . they are actually put on the burgers and chicken with food coloring before the food even arrives at the restaurant .6 . you can get fresh friessince fries are sold so often , the fries are usually fresh . however , if you want the freshest fries possible , you can order yours with no salt . if you do , the employees will need to make you a fresh batch . this might annoy the employees , but you will get a fresh serving of fries .7 . the salads are n’t as healthy as you thinkmany people order salads from fast food restaurants because they are healthy and low in calories . what you may not know is that this is not true . between all of the cheese on the salad , the fried chicken , and the loads of dressing they give you , you can expect your salad to be 700 calories or more .8 . the mccafe machines are filthythere are many people who prefer a mccafe coffee over a dunkin donuts coffee or a starbucks coffee . if you are one of these people , you might change your mind when you find out how dirty most of the machines are . the mccafe machines are very hard to clean and sanitize , therefore , you ca n’t expect to have the cleanest cup of coffee .9 . taco bell beanstaco bell does n’t get their refried beans in a can already made like you find them in a supermarket . they get their beans as small , dehydrated chunks that look like cocoa pebbles .10 . burger king burgers contain horse meatfor years , there have been stories going around the burger king burgers contain horse meat . there have even been stories that burger king admitted to putting horse meat in their burgers . luckily for burger king lovers everywhere , snopes , a website who works hard to debunk rumors have proven this rumor to be false . the next time your order a burger from burger king , you can be sure that you are not eating horse meat ,
does it make sense to go back to superb love and possible supernatural sorrow if that love escapes again from her?love within the boundaries of averagedoes it make sense to go back to superb love and possible supernatural sorrow if that love escapes again from her?i watch her every day and every time she looks at her and keeps her on one of my blobs , i actually know that the same thought goes over again overhead - what would happen if she tried again and turned her back on that average ? that average love , average happiness , average quarrel , average excitement . does it make sense to go back to superb love and possible supernatural sorrow if that love escapes again from her?i watch her every day and every time she looks at her and keeps her on one of my blobs , i actually know that the same thought goes over again overhead - what would happen if she tried again and turned her back on that average ? that average love , average happiness , average quarrel , average excitement . does it make sense to go back to superb love and possible supernatural sorrow if that love escapes again from her?i mean , for what , in fact , these people live ? average appearance , average work , average day , average month , average years ? they would want the most from life at the lowest price . no risk . he can hardly.even when i know that it does not work , how can it not be clear to them ?! what does not somebody say to them , what does not they do ? hey ! the days ahead , the next preliminary look , are going on , and what about all these days when that last day comes ? what will you find comfort in ?
if you 've watched thor superhero movie , definitely know loki . yes , loki is the younger brother of thor who has evil characters.but this one loki is different from thor 's brother . although his face always looks grumpy , loki the sphynx race cat is also adorable.loki is a furless cat is a pet sara and brent from brooklyn , new york . what 's interesting about this one cat is the style that looks swag with his wild mimic . no wonder loki is so celebgram with 70 thousand more followers.curious about this ' grumpy ' cat ? let 's see swag style loki the ' grumpy ' cat summarized from instagram account @loki_the_sphynx .1 . loki wearing a hat on christmas day , do not know yeah this is expression happy or angry .2 . wear fur clothes , loki already cool ? 3 . if like this do not look fierce , even funny .4 . expression when built but cranky , funny too .5 . wear clothes like this , already stylish like the models ? 6 . wear a hoodie like a rapper with a swag style , his expression adorable .7 . clothes with blanket loki already matching really , candid-style photo first .
a disabled man from the mainland stunned road users in hong kong when he was seen riding a motorised tricycle along several major motorways in the city before being stopped by police . the 29-year-old visitor , originally from hebei province , was certified as disabled by mainland authorities . in images and clips from dashboard cameras posted online on tuesday afternoon , the man , who has a right leg disability , was seen riding his vehicle on the side of various motorways . internet users expressed amazement at him managing to travel such a distance without being stopped . the man reached sha tin after riding about 30 km from the border . after travelling along busy roads , including fanling highway and tolo highway , he stopped for lunch at a shopping centre and recharged the vehicle ’s battery . he was reportedly trying to get to golden bauhinia square in wan chai for sightseeing . when he continued his journey on lion rock tunnel road , tunnel workers were alerted and called police at about 4.30 pm , six hours after he crossed the border . he was stopped at the nearby toll booths . the man , a shenzhen resident surnamed gao , told officers he had crossed the border at lok ma chau checkpoint on tuesday for a two-day trip to the city . he said he was allowed to use his vehicle on mainland roads and that he did not realise this was not the case in hong kong . officers let him go with a verbal warning . gao told reporters he had trouble using public transport in the city , as his tricycle was not allowed . he thus decided to make the journey on his own . he said he did not know hong kong well and relied on a navigation app on his phone .
check-in services for five airlines were still unavailable at kowloon mtr station in hong kong as of 11 am on wednesday , following a glitch in the airport authority ’s computer check-in systems the previous day . passengers for united airlines , india ’s jet airways , shenzhen airlines , budget carrier air seoul and swiss international air lines were asked to go directly to the airport and check in . united airlines appeared not to have much of an issue as its three daily flights from hong kong to the united states took off on schedule on wednesday morning . mtr staff manning the ticket barrier entrance at kowloon station were seen asking passengers which airline they were flying with and redirecting affected travellers to go straight to the airport . the airport authority ’s system services contractor is still working on getting the affected services running again , the spokesman said . check-in services for the other 60 airlines have already resumed . all check-in services at kowloon mtr station were suspended at 8.30 am on tuesday following the computer system malfunction . services started to resume only eight hours later . an airport authority spokesman confirmed the incident and said outbound passengers could still check in at hong kong station along the airport express line or directly at hong kong international airport . baggage check-in issues are almost unheard of in hong kong . the last such incident was not an issue with the system itself but involved trains being unable to cross the tsing ma bridge after a barge collided with the structure , causing several hours of delays while safety checks were carried out . the last carriage of airport express trains is used for baggage : luggage is put onto container trolleys and loaded into the carriage . once it arrives at the airport , it is offloaded and sent down a lift directly into an area where baggage is sorted before being sent to the respective airlines and planes .
ingredients : 6 pounds pork baby back ribs barbecue sauce : 3 cups ketchup 2 bottles ( 11.2 ounces each ) guinness beer 2 cups barbecue sauce 2/3 cup honey 1 small onion , chopped 1/4 cup worcestershire sauce 2 tablespoons dijon mustard 2 tablespoons chopped chipotle peppers in adobo sauce 4 teaspoons ground chipotle pepper 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1/2 teaspoon pepperdirections : wrap ribs in large pieces of heavy-duty foil ; seal edges of foil . grill , covered , over indirect medium heat for 1 to 1-1/2 hours or until tender . in a large saucepan , combine sauce ingredients ; bring to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , for about 45 minutes or until thickened , stirring occasionally . carefully remove ribs from foil . place over direct heat ; baste with some of the sauce . grill , covered , over medium heat for about 30 minutes or until browned , turning once and basting occasionally with additional sauce . serve with remaining sauce.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 5 min . cook : 1-1/2 hours
home » heart health » cholesterol » how to boost your ‘ good ’ cholesterol here at bel marra , we often tell you how you can reduce your ldl ( bad ) cholesterol . but today , we ’re going to reveal some ways you can boost your hdl cholesterol levels in order to obtain more of the good cholesterol , so it can remove ldl cholesterol and in turn , reduce your risk of cardiovascular-related disease.hdl cholesterol is affected by many different things including genetics , diet , and other lifestyle habits . although you ca n’t change your genetics , you can stick to a healthy lifestyle to naturally boost your good cholesterol , and here ’s how . tips to boost your hdl cholesterol stop smoking : studies have shown that smoking not only increases your risk of heart disease but can lower hdl levels . exercise : exercise has been proven to boost hdl levels along with reducing weight , which is another factor in improving your hdl levels . obesity is associated with high ldl cholesterol and low hdl cholesterol . eat healthier : diet is a major player in cholesterol levels , as some foods can increase ldl cholesterol while others lower hdl cholesterol . the main foods that contribute to high ldl cholesterol are white bread , sugar , some margarine , fried foods , and processed foods . although some fats contribute to high cholesterol , other fats are good for you and can be found in olive oil , avocados , nuts , and fatty fish . these types of fats can increase hdl cholesterol , which means there ’s more of it to remove ldl cholesterol . cholesterol levels play a large role in the health of your heart and ensuring that you have more hdl cholesterol compared to ldl cholesterol can help protect your heart for years to come .
ingredients : 1/2 cup orange juice 1/3 cup honey 1/4 cup lemon juice 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 2 tablespoons minced fresh gingerroot 12 garlic cloves , minced 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1/4 teaspoon salt 8 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 6 ounces each ) directions : in a small bowl , combine the first eight ingredients . pour 1/2 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag ; add chicken . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain and discard marinade . moisten a paper towel with cooking oil ; using long-handled tongs , lightly coat the grill rack . grill chicken , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from the heat for 5-7 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 170 ° , basting frequently with reserved marinade.nutritional facts : 1 each : 221 calories , 4g fat ( 1g saturated fat ) , 94 mg cholesterol , 331 mg sodium , 10g carbohydrate ( 8g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 35g protein . diabetic exchanges : 5 lean meat , 1/2 starch.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 1/2 cup ketchup 1/4 cup packed brown sugar 1/4 cup white vinegar 1/4 cup orange juice 1/4 cup worcestershire sauce 2 garlic cloves , minced 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary , crushed 8 bone-in pork loin chops ( 3/4 inch thick and 7 ounces each ) directions : in a small bowl , mix the first seven ingredients . pour 3/4 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag . add pork chops ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate 8 hours or overnight . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain pork , discarding marinade in bag . lightly grease the grill rack . grill pork , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from heat 4-6 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 145 ° ; brush generously with remaining marinade during the last 3 minutes . let stand 5 minutes before serving.nutritional facts : 1 pork chop : 246 calories , 8g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 86 mg cholesterol , 284 mg sodium , 11g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 30g protein . diabetic exchanges : 4 lean meat , 1 starch.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 1/4 cup vegetable oil 1/4 cup orange juice 1/4 cup soy sauce 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1 teaspoon ground ginger 1-3/4 pounds beef tenderloin , cut into 1-inch cubes 3/4 pound cherry tomatoes 1/2 pound whole fresh mushrooms 2 large green peppers , cubed 1 large red onion , cut into wedges hot cooked rice , optionaldirections : in a large resealable plastic bag , combine the first five ingredients . set aside 1/2 cup for basting and refrigerate . add beef to remaining marinade ; turn to coat . seal bag ; refrigerate for 1 hour , turning occasionally . drain and discard the marinade . on metal or soaked wooden skewers , alternate beef , tomatoes , mushrooms , green peppers and onions . grill , uncovered , over medium heat for 3 minutes on each side . baste with reserved marinade . continue turning and basting for 8-10 minutes or until meat reaches desired doneness ( for medium-rare , a thermometer should read 145 ° ; medium , 160 ° ; well-done , 170 ° ) . serve meat and vegetables over rice if desired.makes : 6-8 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 15 min .
1 . turn water to ice as it poursthis is a great trick and it is very simple to do . it will amaze your friends because they will think that you have the power to turn water into ice in seconds . as long as you prepare and perform the trick correctly , that is exactly what you will be able to do . start by putting a bottle of water in the freezer and leave it there until it is just about to freeze . next , put some ice in a bowl . when you pour the water over the ice , it will cool up enough where it will freeze on contact . if you are going to perform this trick , do n’t let your audience see you taking the bottle of water from the freezer . it could completely give you up . as long as you are quick and if you plan ahead , you should be able to amaze your friends with this trick .2 . the gravity trickmost people know that things can go down on their own , but there needs to be some type of force for things to rise . this trick will make your audience believe that you are capable of defying gravity . all you need to pull the trick off is a broken elastic and a ring . make sure that you do n’t let your audience touch the elastic because you want them to think that it is a piece of string . when you get the ring around the elastic , pull the rubber band making it longer . the ring wo n’t actually go up on its own , however , it will look like it is thanks to the elastic .3 . puncture a bag of water without spilling a dropthis is a magic trick that amazes people , both young and old . this actually is n’t a magic trick , it is science . when you put the pencil through the bag , the molecules in the bag will create a seal around the pencil . just make sure if you are going to be attempting this trick that the pencil is sharpened as much as possible . if you use a dull pencil , it will tear the bag rather than puncture a hole in it . the molecules in the bag are n’t strong enough to close up a tear securely .4 . pass the coin through the tablethis is one of the 5 amazing magic trick to amaze your friends . this magic trick amazes most , and it is all done on sleight of hand . for this trick to work , you need to keep your audience from discovering that you do n’t have the coin in your left hand . it will actually be in your right hand . you can show your audience the coin , and then quickly switch it to the other hand . next , pretend that the coin in in your hand and pound your hand down on the table . next , make a big deal about taking your hand out from under the table with the coin in it . your audience truly will believe that you were able to pass the coin through the table thanks to your magical powers .5 . the floating coffee cupif you can make your friends think that you have the magical powers necessary to keep a cup floating in the air , they will be extremely impressed . this is one of those tricks that have to be done from the right angle if it is going to work . the best type of cup to use is a styrofoam cup because they are so light and it is very easy to pop a hole in one . all you need to do to pull this trick off is to stick the thumb of your right hand through the cup in the back . when your thumb is in the cup , your audience will think that it is floating in the air . to make the trick more real , move your hands up and down like you are using your magical powers to keep it in the air.bonus trick : the separating pepper trickin this trick , you will make people believe that you have enough magical powers in your finger to separate the pepper when it is poured in water . before you start the trick , rub some liquid soap on your finger . next , take a cup of water and pour some pepper in . let your audience stick their finger in the pepper to separate it . unfortunately for them , they wo n’t be able to do it . when your audience member is done trying to separate the pepper , it is your turn . since you prepared ahead of time by dipping your finger in liquid soap , the pepper will separate quickly and easily . this is a great trick for kids because it is very simple to do and it will amaze their audience .
who should buy this : singer/songwriter fans , people who like intelligent pop music , and anyone who has felt a hopeful melancholyalbum : solastalgiaartist : missy higginsgenre : pop , singer/songwritermusic rating : 7/10lyrics rating : 9/10overall : 8/10sounds like : ingrid michaelson , sara bareilles , the waifsbest thing about this album : these songs were built so intelligently . they are layered and substantive and thoughtful.one thing i wish was different : the last track was unfortunate and unnecessary for me . i get that it was intended to wrap up the narrative and transform the collection into an experience , but the music was just inconsistent with the album trajectory . rather than adding value , i felt like it detracted from the journey.tracks : 12my favorites : cemetery , how was i to know , hallucinate this is a playlist of all of the songs from the album that will automatically play through the whole album . to skip to a particular song , click on the menu icon in the upper left-hand corner . i ’ve been a fan of missy higgin ’s brilliant songwriting and creative perspective for years . this week brings us solastalgia , her latest album , which dips further into electro-pop influence than missy has ever been . that said , we still see much of her signature style on display in this collection that muses on hope , despair , and the significance of humanity in a dying world . lyrically , here are some of my favorite lines from each track to give you a better sample of the whole album . take a look and then take a listen ! “ the world is a lung we barely breathe through . ” — starting again “ laying upon the dead with you , my love , i ’ve never felt so alive . ” — cemetery “ the pain of the world was swallowed when the sunset wiped you clean . ” — futon couch “ i feel you now when the darkness comes and the red moon rises . every part of me wants to run . ” — red moon “ how was i to know i ’d be a stepping stone to the end ? ” — how was i to know “ yesterday must die before tomorrow can be born . ” — yesterday must die “ every day ’s a choice . for where there ’s good , there ’s bad . ” — the difference “ hear the roaring of the thunder as the sky falls in . ” — do n’t look down “ all i got is questions . ” — hallucinate “ you ’re never the same as you once were when 49 candles burn . ” — 49 candles “ it ’s a strange utopia we have . nobody tells you it ’s not how it first appears . ” — strange utopia “ tears for the old star . ” — the old star that ’s it . if you loved these songs as much as i did , please consider supporting missy higgins by purchasing the album from her website or on your favorite digital music store ( itunes , apple music , google play , amazon , etc. ) and holler at me in the comments ! i ’d love to talk to you all about this album .
did you know that there were only 16,000 animals on noah ’s ark ? there were air-breathing , land-dwelling , creeping , and winged animals , but you would n’t be able to find any sea or amphibious creatures aboard . however , we equally love all types of animals even when they look funny or ridiculous while caught at just the right moment.now i 've seen everything has gathered some of the most hilarious photos featuring nature ’s creatures of all sorts that will definitely make your day .1 . a marshmallow-headed dog2 . a shiba inu dog got stuck in a bush and pretended that everything was ok .3 . “ thanks for the whiskas , bro ! ” 4 . “ freeze ! hands up ! ” 5 . that neighbor who always knows your business : 6 . how your mom looks at you when you ’re sleeping in church : 7 . “ ganglamb ” style8 . a liquid cat9 . the floor is lava ! 10 . just look at my new legs ! 11 . “ i ’m pretty sure my neighbor ’s chicken wants to kill me . ” 12 . “ where are my worms ?! ” 13 . we ’re always as hungry as this chihuahua .14 . just do n’t look down ... 15 . “ oh you know , just tanning . ” 16 . a really dangerous criminal17 . when you hit your toe on a coral reef : 18 . “ do you like my new nails ? ” bonus : a pug licking your screenwhich photo did you find to be most hilarious ? share your opinions in the comments!preview photo credit unknown / reddit we ’d love to hear your views on this …
when i served as the american ambassador to zimbabwe ( 2009-2012 ) i had a conversation with a southern african politician that intrigued me . he said that when african politicians spoke publicly , it was a good idea to know who they were really addressing , because they only spoke to their intended audience , and anyone else who happened to overhear should shut their ears . watching and reading the news about the shenanigans of the 45th president of the united states , this conversation came to mind . just at the time donald trump ’s considering petitioning the supreme court to reinstate his ban on visas to people from five predominantly muslim countries , he ’s been busy on twitter and giving interviews that expose the true reason behind that ban — just such conduct that caused two federal judges to put a hold on his original attempt , on the grounds that his public utterances gave a different interpretation to the motives behind his executive orders — motives that were at odds with what the doj attorneys were telling the courts . our esteemed president once again put his foot in his mouth in the stormy daniels ' case . having denied knowing anything about his lawyer , michael cohen , paying ms. daniels off to keep her quiet , he then does a phone interview with fox and friends where he refers to cohen representing him on that ' daniels thing . ' he continues to demonstrate his tone-deafness , or his inability to understand that words and actions have consequences . and he either is unaware , or does n't care , that more than his specifically intended audience is listening .
tancred , otherwise known as jess abbott , has recently released two singles , and announced a release date of june 1 for her upcoming album , nightstand . her singles , “ queen of new york ” and “ reviews , ” set the stage for listeners , them a sneak peak into what her new album is all about . though she is always working on new music , the album , tancred shared , came cohesively together during a surprise encounter with herself . she has stated that she spent so much time working on getting to know herself and reach a firm level of comfort of who she is . in doing so , however , she learned that she lost comfort in connecting with other people , and longed to reshape what that kind of connection meant to her . this album is a journey of self discovery , followed by the realization of what she needs in relationship to others , and finding how the two meld together . tancred as a powerfully relatable artist with both the song and the accompanying video , “ queen of new york ” does a good job setting the stage of what it is like being young in a big city , encompassing a night life full of falling for a person or even a feeling , with the excitement and confusion all wrapped up into picturesque lyrics and a light tune . the video works well , as the positive , energetic sound contrasts with the more serious black and white imagery , which speaks to both the happy and melancholic vibes that comprise tancred ’s music . in these singles , tancred takes listeners on a very raw journey and goes deeper into parts of herself that she gave us glimpses of in her past work . what makes her music so special , is that while there is excitement in her storytelling , there is also an aspect of remorse and longing that anybody can relate to . be sure to keep your eye out for more from tancred .
after his twitter rant and mini-feud with his best friend john legend , also after his bizarre call at the radio station singing ' i just called to say i love you ' well we thought we saw all that kanye west had to offer . but it does n't seem like it as he decides to rant about his drug addiction prior to his mental breakdown in his interview with tmz live.kanye west started dishing out some serious secrets in a wild new interview with tmz live . he revealed that he was addicted to opioids after undergoing a liposuction surgery because he was afraid of getting fat shamed and appearing overweight and want the same heat that rob kardashian was receiving about his weight gain . ye said that he took two pills a day and that when he went off them , it resulted in his nov. 2016 hospitalization for the alleged mental breakdown.he said , " i was drugged the f**k out , bro ! i was drugged the f**k out . i was on opioids . two days after i got off opioids - and i was addicted to opioids - two days i got off opioids and rrrrrr i 'm in the hospital . " then yeezy in a rage got up out of his chair , turned his attention to the tmz newsroom and went on a lengthy rant . he spoke about his tour and trying to get the drugs , he said : " there was talk among my camp that ye 's popping pills . " when he handed it to me he said ‘ you know this is used to kill genius , ' he shouted , appearing to refer to a friend on tour who he vaguely referred to as " my boy . " when he heard that his " genius " was being " killed , " kanye claims that made him quit taking the pills all together and said that two days later he ended up in the hospital.kanye was also questioned about his recent tweets supporting donald trump , to which he enthusiastically responded with : " i just love trump , he 's my boy . "
fish and other seafoods tend to be very healthy and nutritious.they are especially rich in in omega-3 fatty acids and iodine , two nutrients that most people do n't get enough of .1 . salmonsalmon is a type of oily fish that is incredibly popular due to its excellent taste and high amount of nutrients , including protein and omega-3 fatty acids . it also contains some vitamin d. 2 . sardinessardines are small , oily fish that are among the most nutritious foods you can eat . they contain hefty amounts of the majority of nutrients required by the human body .3 . shellfishshellfish is n't eaten very often , which is a shame because it contains more nutrients than almost every other food . it ranks similar to organ meats when it comes to nutrient density . edible shellfish includes clams , mollusks and oysters .4 . shrimpshrimp is a type of animal found in the sea . it tends to be low in fat and calories , but high in protein . it is also loaded with various other nutrients , including selenium and vitamin b12 .5 . tunatuna is very popular in western countries , and tends to be low in fat and calories , but high in protein . it is perfect people who need to add more protein to their diets , while keeping calories low .
heart , be still ! hope for paws ’ latest rescue is about a pit bull named hulk . this poor boy had a deep gash on his shoulder but thanks to some compassionate locals , he would n’t be in pain for much longer . they made the life-saving call to the hope for paws team and loreta and eldad were soon on the way to rescue this sweetheart . however , this was n’t an ordinary rescue by any means … it was on an active railroad.thankfully , the local sheriff made a call to alert the railroad ’s management – and they even stuck around to assist in the rescue by holding the soccer net up while eldad and loreta worked on catching hulk with the gentle snare . after a little “ catch me if you can , ” loreta secured the gentle snare around his neck and his freedom ride was soon in full effect.at the vet , they learned in addition to hulk ’s large shoulder wound , he also had a broken jaw and fractured teeth . hulk has had several surgeries and has made a full recovery in his foster home . he is a gentle giant ( hence the name hulk ) that deserves only the best .
everyone from time to time wants to throw everything and go where the eyes look . rich east from australia once did , taking with him an unusual companion - the domestic cat willow . then rich did not know that thousands of people would follow their journeys one day.it all started in 2014 , when rich decided to change his life . he worked for 10 years in the business sphere , but this did not bring him happiness . rich began to sell all his things , including housing , and gradually equipping the van , turning it into a house on wheels.but although rich was ready for a new stage in life and was waiting for him with impatience , with something he never could say goodbye . or rather , with someone - his cat willow , which he took from the orphanage two years earlier.he decided to gradually take her out to nature to see how the cat will react to the changes . first rich and willow left for a couple of days , and then for a week , and his pet was a real adventurer , just like her master.in may 2015 , the duo went on a trip to australia . for 2 years they traveled it along and across , but their wanderings did not end there . both of them liked their new life.in his blog , rich shares not only the stories from life , but also useful tips . for example , tells in detail how to travel around australia with pets , and shares estimates of the cost of a nomadic life . for example , rich himself spends about $ 720 a month . though the amount is not large , the traveler stresses that it is necessary to have an untouchable fund in case of emergency situations.to make money on the trip , rich worked part-time at the bar , wrote programs , sold magazines to photos and articles , and also sold things in the online store with things he had done himself . he also worked as a volunteer , which he advises other travelers , because many organizations provide volunteers with free food and shelter.during his trips , rich and willow visited many beautiful places ( and made willow not one stunning portrait ) . and also the pilgrims help shelters for animals and even opened their store , where they sell cards and souvenirs.this is just one of many stories about how one solution can lead to dramatic changes . but her characters are happy - as rich says , the van has turned into their home , where the backyard is all of australia.maybe we should give up the desire to have everything in the world ? after all , judging by rich and his fluffy pet , for happiness really it is necessary very little .
boon lott ’s elephant sanctuary ( bles ) in sukhothai , thailand recently welcomed an elephant whose arrival had been eagerly awaited for some time now . pang fai is an elderly elephant who urgently needed to retire and settle down in a new , comfortable home . now she has found that special place at bles and her first moments at the new home were a sight to remember.the bles team has known pang fai for over 10 years and is now incredibly happy to be able to welcome her into the family . at the sanctuary , the beautiful elephant will spend the rest of her life in safety , surrounded by loving and dedicated carers . look at the beautiful moment her chains were finally removed ! for years , pang fai lived very near the sanctuary . “ her owner , who loves her very much and has cared for her for the past 32 years , is also old and wanting to retire , ” said katherine connor , founder of bles.to be able to take the elephant in and provide her with the best care possible , bles launched a fundraiser and succeeded in raising over $ 15,000 ! thanks to that precious support , the team was eventually able to share the heart-warming pictures of their “ newest and ( possibly the sweetest ! ) elephant ” walking into her new home for the first time.once she was walked in from the village , pang fai had a welcome buffet already waiting for her – and she was clearly very happy with the warm welcome . “ she stood in the sunshine for hours , slowly eating her way through it all , ” the team wrote . “ every now and then she would pause , glance over at hope , noah and her owner , who sat in the shade , smiling proudly at our sweet lady … . ” pan fai has many more feasts like this one ahead of her – and hopefully very many years of happiness at the sanctuary among her new friends . “ thank you to every single one of you who made this happen , ” bles said . “ pang fai is one , very , happy elephant right now and she is a testament to what we can all achieve , when we come together and put compassion first . ”
season 4 is out , and there is one big change most ' fortnite ' players have n't even noticed.asmir pekmicexpert in gamingauthor " #fortnite #battle royale " players have been very excited about #season 4 and it 's finally here . the meteor has hit the island [ video ] and it has caused a permanent damage to a few places on it . dusty depot is gone and players can now find a huge crater there instead , dusty divot . the game developer has made a few big changes [ video ] for the new season , yet some of them have gone unnoticed.most players are busy exploring the new-look map or checking out new battle pass rewards , so they have n't noticed some gameplay changes . epic games has changed a few things in this patch as well , and another weapon has been moved to the vault.in case you have n't noticed it yet , a crossbow is no longer in the game.another weapon moved to the vaultit is not a secret that a crossbow was n't a popular weapon . while it was unique as it allowed players to snipe their enemies silently , it underperformed in comparison to the other long-range weapons . the game developer added a hunting rifle a few months ago , which made a crossbow even less popular.additionally , there are two other suppressed weapons in the game , and both of them have been recently added to the game . it is unknown whether or not epic games are planning to bring the vaulted weapon back , but considering that the change was announced only in patch notes , it is not likely that the weapon will be brought back.more items moving to the vault?just recently , " fortnite battle royale " developer moved a guided missile to the vault.many players considered this explosive weapon overpowered , and that is why epic games removed it from the game . before the missile , smoke grenades and a submachine gun had been removed , and players are now expecting even more weapons to be moved to the vault.considering that a hand cannon and a revolver are very similar to each other , it wo n't be surprising if the game developer removes the latter from the game . minigun could also be removed after the development team added a light machine gun to the game.all credit goes to the author " asmir pekmic "
life surprises us every day — unbelievable coincidences and unusual angles make us see things in different ways . and to notice these things you just need to look closely . the people from this article did exactly that : some of them noticed the amazing similarity between a brother and a sister , or how much their cat looks like the cat on the cat food package.the tiles and her clothes are exactly the same.this guy looks a lot like the guy in the background.so ironic!she seems to know everything about matching . “ family resemblance : my brother and i ” my morning coffee looks like a half-cooked pancake.it snowed mini-snowballs . “ my cat looks exactly like the cat on her treat bag . ”“ i picked up my shampoo bottle and it left behind some letters . ” because of the rip placement , the m &amp; m on the bag has 2 emotions.this grass looks like a giant cat . “ spilled my coffee and now elvis is crying . ” i dropped a skittle and it broke in half . “ me and my dad in the same place 24 years apart . ”“ we have a leak in our house and 2 mushrooms grew behind some furniture . ”“ snapped a picture when the lightening hit . ”
strictly about business is a company started by students between the age of 16 – 20 that were enrolled in the a nu foundation trust business academy of sunrise high in fort lauderdale . the members of the business academy created a multi media company that specialized in audio &amp; video production , composing , publishing , a/r . digital distribution called strictly about business &amp; sab allstars are the artist that were signed by the student to create the soundtrack for there dvd tilted “ strictly about business vol 1 the making of multimedia company ” . sab dropped a mixtape , to preview the talent from the organization along with a trailer from the dvd that shows the development of sab , which is schedule to drop with a soundtrack in summer 2018 . the sabmixtape features incredible songs like ‘ ounce ’s , ‘ back it up ’ and the ‘ anti bullying anthem ’ . og wildman teddy radio , entertainment industry legend and the best dj in the business dj sco are responsible for creating this program that has developed a entrepreneur spirit for these students to build success . check out slikk slim , lil trapp . metro j. retro j , young chevy , 7 kay #saballstars as they give you the strictly about business experience !!!! follow the movementinstagram : @strictly_about_businessfacebook : @saballstarsemail : strictlyaboutbusinessmedia@gmail.comcontact for booking 754-216-5886
a father who allegedly killed his seven-year-old son by throwing the boy off a bridge has been detained in southwest china , a news website reports . the 32-year-old man , named only as jiang by the police , was travelling by bus with his son from chengdu , capital of sichuan , to nearby chongqing on sunday , thepaper.cn reported on monday . as their bus passed over yuanjiagang flyover in the jiulongpo district of chongqing around 8.30 pm , the father suddenly threw his son onto the busy road below , according to witnesses . the child was crushed by an oncoming car . a video posted on news website thepaper.cn shows police rushing to the scene and cordoning off the area . in a statement , police confirmed the boy was taken to hospital but died soon after , while his father has been detained pending further investigation . it is not known what motivated the incident , but relatives of the man , who is originally from pujiang county in sichuan , told police that he had been acting abnormally since his divorce in november . one witness , who can be heard in the video , claimed that the boy had been sick and his father could not afford the child ’s medical treatment . “ the child was thrown from the flyover . the boy was sick and his father could n’t afford the treatment , ” he said .
hong kong ’s tax revenue swelled to a record high of hk $ 328.6 billion in the financial year 2017-18 , up 13 per cent on the previous year ’s taking , thanks to an upsurge in stamp duty revenue , which went up 54 per cent to hk $ 95.2 billion . the record-breaking tax revenue also reversed a downward trend for the past two financial years . in 2016-17 , the taxman collected about hk $ 290 billion , down from the hk $ 291 billion for 2015-16 , and about hk $ 302 billion in 2014-15 . of the total collected , 42 per cent , or hk $ 139 billion , was from profits tax , while salaries tax accounted for about hk $ 60.8 billion . revenue from stamp duty , which is charged on property transactions and share trading , grew by hk $ 33.3 billion from 2016-17 to hk $ 95.2 billion . of that amount , some hk $ 57.4 billion came from property transactions . sales in 2017-18 went up by about 30 per cent to 55,000 transactions . business registration fees amounted to hk $ 2.73 billion , almost 12 times the figure for 2016-17 , mainly because of the expiry of the government ’s one-year waiver of the fees . commissioner of inland revenue wong kuen-fai forecast total tax takings in 2018-19 of hk $ 342.3 billion , a 4 per cent year-on-year increase , despite an estimated 10 per cent drop in salaries tax . “ with the new tax allowances and concessions announced in the budget , we expect the revenues from income tax will fall a bit . our estimate is hk $ 54.8 billion for 2018-19 , ” wong said . wong declined to speculate on the outlook of the property and stock markets but , according to his department ’s estimates , stamp duty revenue for 2018-19 will rise 5 per cent to about hk $ 100 billion , accounting for about 30 per cent of the total collected for 2018-19 . and property tax is expected to go up by 4 per cent , to hk $ 3.6 billion . financial secretary paul chan mo-po proposed a series of tax concessions in his budget in february , including one-off rebates of salary and profits taxes of 75 per cent . he also suggested widening and increasing the number of salary tax bands , as well as higher allowances for children and dependent parents and grandparents . to honour the election pledge of chief executive carrie lam cheng yuet-ngor , chan also announced a two-tier profits tax rates regime in his budget , under which the rate for the first hk $ 2 million of earnings would be lowered to 8.25 per cent , compared with the current 16.5 per cent , while profits above that level would continue to be 16.5 per cent . wong expected corporations to benefit from the robust economy , and corporate tax revenue for 2018-19 was forecast to go up by 12 per cent to hk $ 155.1 billion . baptist university economist dr billy mak sui-choi , who is also the associate director of the institution ’s centre for corporate governance and financial policy , said the account of the revenue collections presented by the tax department showed hong kong ’s tax base was too narrow . “ with the government having record tax revenue and surplus , it should be time to think about widening the tax base , like introducing a sales tax , ” said mak , who was quick to add : “ it is of course more a political issue than an economic issue . ” mak also said the tax department might be too optimistic about the economic outlook , given the expected us interest rate increases , and the looming trade friction between china and the us . “ a rise in bank interest rates could cool property and stock markets , and a trade war could affect corporates ’ profits , ” he said . meanwhile , the tax chief also asked the city ’s 2.6 million taxpayers to look out for the “ green envelopes ” in the next couple of days . they will have to file their tax returns by june 2 , with an extra month for those who do it online .
in this world of massive smartphones and finger gymnastics , having the address bar in google chrome at the bottom of your screen can reduce finger strain without impacting any functionality in your day-to-day browsing experience . still , enabling this feature is hidden behind an experimental part of chrome called flags.the chrome : / / flags menu lets you play around with a bunch of cool experimental settings , but you get so many more options on android than on its ios counterpart . among these settings is the ability to move your address bar , or omnibox , to the bottom of your screen , provided you 're on the version 65 of chrome or earlier . if you 're on version 66 of chrome , then you can enable a similar feature . enabling the bottom address bar in chromeagain , this is only possible if you 're on chrome 65 or earlier . if you 're unsure what version of chrome you 're on , then open up the browser , tap the vertical ellipsis in the top-right corner , and hit " settings . " scroll to the bottom , and tap " about chrome . " the first two numbers under application version are the most important ones here . note that you can also see the version number in step 1 below.for example , in the screenshots below , you can see that i 'm on chrome 66 . if you want to revert to a previous version of chrome , just search for a google chrome that 's version 65 or lower on apkpure or another apk hosting site , then install it . ( you may need to enable " unknown sources " if you have n't before . ) step 1 : open the chrome flags menuthe flags area contains well over a hundred different experimental features . to get there , open the google chrome app , and type chrome : / / flags into the address bar . as you 'll notice , the chrome version number is also listed next to the experiments heading . if it does n't say 66.x , then this wo n't work . step 2 : change the ' chrome home ' settingnext , navigate down to the setting that reads " chrome home " or just type it out in the search flags field up top to have it jump right up to the top of the list . once you 've found the setting , tap on " default , " then choose " enabled " on the popup.afterward , tap on the " relaunch now " box to relaunch the app , but you 're done yet — you 'll need to open up your app switcher , close the app , then open it back up since it takes two restarts to have the change take affect . once chrome starts back up , your address bar , aka omnibox , will be along the bottom of the screen instead of the top along with your tabs icon and ellipsis menu icon . you can even swipe up on the address bar to see a list of your frequently visited sites and news whenever you want . overall , it 's a simple little tweak , but your hands will probably thank you now that they do n't have to stretch all the way up to the top of your screen to type in a website name or perform a search . however , if chrome ever gets updated to version 66 or higher , your url bar will go right back up to the top like it was before , so keep that in mind if you have automatic updates enabled for google play . enabling the ' chrome duplex " flag in new chrome versionsif you 're on version 66 of chrome or have been updated to it and do n't want to downgrade with an apk version manually , you can try out the new " chrome duplex " flag instead , which has replaced the " chrome home " flag.it 's not the same as " chrome home , " however , since the url bar still remains at the top . the only difference is that a bar gets added to the bottom of the screen that you can swipe up to view your frequently visited sites and news . hopefully , google brings back the bottom omnibox option in the flags menu in a future update , since the " duplex " option does n't make finger gymnastics any easier , especially on taller phones like a samsung galaxy s8 or s9 .
the paley center for media in beverly hills will take visitors inside the world of the british royal family when it unveils the multimedia exhibit the crown : imaging a royal world on saturday , may 12 at its beverly hills location . the illustrious exhibit , which is free and open to the public , will run until july 29 . netflix ’s the crown follows the political rivalries and romance of queen elizabeth ii ’s reign and the events that shaped the second half of the 20th century . the show , produced by left bank pictures in association with sony pictures television , was an immediate hit with critics and audiences upon its november 2016 premiere and has won multiple emmy ® and golden globe awards , including a costume designers guild award for jane petrie , costume designer of the second season . the crown : imagining a royal world offers an extraordinary glimpse into the creative process behind some of the series ’ most stunning and iconic costume creations . with an acute eye for sumptuous detail , renowned designer jane petrie ’s opulent costumes for season two of the award-winning netflix period drama explore a transitional time in the monarch ’s history — london in the swinging ‘ 60s with all the seismic cultural shifts and social upheaval of the period . the exhibition will highlight the juxtaposition of a monarchy somewhat trapped in time against the more modern vision of the united states represented by john f. kennedy and jacqueline kennedy upon their visit to buckingham palace in 1961 . on-set photography and video clips from the acclaimed series will provide a stunning backdrop for the lavish period costumes on display . every year the paley center presents exhibits that capture the unique combination of artistry and entertainment , and give visitors a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process that brings their favorite television programs to life . these unique and immersive exhibits are free and open to the public . “ queen elizabeth ii has captivated the public since the moment she ascended the throne and the crown captures the magic of her reign , ” said maureen j. reidy , the paley center ’s president &amp; ceo . “ the crown : imagining a royal world will offer visitors a rare look at the artistry behind this groundbreaking series as well as show why the public ’s fascination with the british royal family continues to this very day , ” “ designing the costumes for the crown has been an incredible privilege , and being able to present some of my favorite designs at the paley center for media is just fantastic , ” said jane petrie , season two ’s award-winning costume designer . “ season two is all about the windsor ’s struggle to modernize at a time of great global change . from princess margaret ’s exciting new love interest , to the kennedys swooping into buckingham palace , outshining the queen and her consort , the clash between old and the new , america and britain , takes center stage and very much inspired the costumes . it ’s a fascinating moment of our shared history and was an absolute pleasure to design . i just hope visitors will appreciate the exhibit as much as we enjoyed telling this story . ” related topics : netflix , paley center , the crown
an air national guard cargo plane crashed wednesday near savannah/hilton head international airport , killing at least two people and sending black smoke billowing into the sky.video from near the scene showed the wreckage burning just off a highway . savannah 's chatham emergency management agency said the plane crashed at an intersection near the airport.five people were aboard the c-130 cargo plane , which was attached to the puerto rico national guard , desiree bamba , a spokeswoman for the georgia national guard , told usa today . chatham county deputy coroner tiffany williams told the associated press that at least two people were killed.some schools , businesses and homes in the area lost power , apparently the result of the plane tearing down the lines in the crash . witness james lavine said he was driving home from work along highway 21 when the plane crashed in front of him . " it was getting ready to take a left bank right in front of me and all of a sudden i see the plane just stalling " before it crashed , he said . " it 's the most terrifying thing i 've seen . " more : southwest airlines jet diverts because of cracked windowmark jones described a similar experience , telling the savannah morning news he noticed the plane low in the air . moments later , it exploded upon impact , possibly landing on cars . “ i ’m still shook up and shaking , " he said . " my stomach is in knots because i know they ’re people just like me . i was n’t that far from it and i could have just kept going and it would have been me , and we would n’t be talking right now . " the airport said some flights were being affected by the " aircraft incident off property . " customers should check with their airline prior to clearing security , the airport warned .
at any stage of life , but especially when it is growing , your dog needs a good dose of calcium . this way your bone health will be strong until old age . the daily diet of the animal must include the adequate amount of this nutrient for a healthy development . there are some factors that indicate that your hairy needs calcium . do you want to know which ? then keep reading this article.calcium in dogs : what to knowfirst of all it is necessary to take into account that calcium is one of the most important nutrients in the life of a dog since it is a puppy because it helps in the formation and strengthening of bones . if we want our pet to grow healthy and strong it is vital that we ingest a good dose of this component through food.food changeswhether the dog consumes a " homemade " diet or a diet based on commercial feed , whether or not it should have calcium daily . if this does not happen , it is likely to suffer various problems such as leg fractures . the lack of this nutrient can trigger pathologies such as rickets , a condition in which the growth is insufficient and the bone structure is less than that of other dogs at their age.a puppy dog needs about 320 mg of calcium per kg of weight per day . in the case of adults , the amount decreases to 120 mg per kg . keep this information in mind so that it is not exceeded in proportion ( something that is also bad for your health ) . how to detect the lack of calcium in dogs?there are different ways to realize that our pet is missing calcium or does not receive it in correct amounts according to their age and weight . observing the body is the best way to detect it.for example , if you do not grow enough in relation to other dogs ( siblings are an ideal indicator ) , if you are too thin but eat well and if you mark the bones through the skin and these are very thin.in addition , we can determine if you suffer from muscle spasms or seizures . attention because in these cases the causes may be other ( more serious ) , therefore we recommend that you go to the veterinarian to do a general check.dogs that lack calcium may experience other symptoms , including tachycardia , disorientation , fatigue , or cardiac arrhythmias . also here we advise you to take it to the professional consultation.sources of calcium for dogsthe doctor can tell you to offer a different feed or even add special supplements to the food . this is very good but not the only option . there are " homemade " sources of calcium at your fingertips and that your dog will do more than good.puppy , a new friendthe egg shell finely ground ( for example in a mortar or coffee grinder ) and mixed with the daily food can be an excellent idea if your pet suffers from calcium deficit.the bones of other animals ( which are bought in butcher shops such as chicken ) can also be very useful . some owners offer them to eat whole and others prefer that they are chopped or dusted to mix between the feed.dairy products are a great source of calcium ( we know that for humans ) and some can help our hairy people improve their health . for example , yogurt , which allows to soften dry food and is very rich for your palates . it is better to be low in fat . cheese is another option , we recommend the cottage type and not give too much.if you accept it , give your dog fish to increase its calcium levels . tuna , sardines and trout are the best . but beware , it is cooked because otherwise it can irritate your stomach and cause bacterial diseases.finally , if your dog is a lover of vegetables or is used to eating without problems , do not hesitate to offer spinach , broccoli and sweet potato
new yorkers are overworked , nature deprived and high-strung . as one myself , i can attest to that . which makes our excursions into the outdoors and away from the city that much more important . hawaii tourism united states has recognized this and is offering a contest for six new york area people to win an 8-day , 7-night work residency from one of six remote work spaces throughout the hawaiian islands . dubbed work from hawaii , it ’s open for applications now and will be giving these experiences of a lifetime away for this fall . much like the recent wow air summer travel duo contest , hawaii tourism will float the bill for just about everything . the winners will receive roundtrip flights from new york city , a free workspace , accommodations , a per diem for meals and local transportation , and the opportunity to partake in three island activities . the remote work residency program was undertaken due to recent studies showing more americans are choosing to work remotely . “ the week-long ‘ wfh ’ residencies are designed to inspire the best work of your life ; and suit the interests and occupations of the busiest , most ambitious city-dwellers , from advertising executives to start-up ceos , techies , writers and even visual artists . room , board and experience is sponsored by htusa to spark a new type of routine that only hawaii can provide . each opportunity features a unique work and living space , dedicated island ambassadors and hands-on itineraries to delve deep into hawaii ’s cuisine , culture , and adventure . ” the six workspaces are located on kauai , oahu , maui , molokai , lanai and the island of hawaii and offer unique settings and accommodations to cater to your work habits . the application is fairly straightforward and is free . the contest runs until june 4 , 2018 and the residencies will take place in september 2018 . if you ’re a new yorker who has the ability to work remotely , why would n’t you apply for this awesome opportunity ?
just after charlamagne tha god 's hour and a half long interview with kanye west went live , yeezy appeared on tmz live and revealed some ridiculous and hurtful thoughts about the history of slavery in america . kanye , who has caused a firestorm for his support of trump , far-right personalities , and wearing a " make american great again " hat , declared that slavery sounded " like a choice " . " when you hear about slavery for 400 years . for 400 years ? that sounds like a choice , " west said . " like , you was there for 400 years and it 's all of y' all ? it 's like , we 're mentally in prison . " “ i like the word prison because slavery goes too direct to the idea of blacks , ” the rapper explained . “ it ’s like slavery , holocaust . holocaust , jews , slavery is blacks . prison is something that unites us as one race . blacks and whites being one race . ” " right now we 're choosing to be enslaved , " the rapper continued . charlamagne is awarding kanye ' donkey of the day ' and giving him the credit for being stupid . kanye 's platform and voice is giant but he does n't know how to communicate . while charlamagne somewhat understands what he meant by his comment , it does n't change the fact that europeans went on kidnapping raids and african rulers and black merchants delivered captured people to trading post to sell them as slaves . kanye 's statement was highly inaccurate , there were always black people like nate turner and harriet tubman who rebelled against slavery . thank god for tmz 's van lathan who shut yeezy down right there in the moment . “ kanye , you ’re entitled to your opinion , you ’re entitled to believe whatever you want , but there is fact and real life consequence behind everything that you just said , ” lathan continued . “ while you are making music and being an artist , and living the life that you ’ve earned by being a genius , the rest of us in society have to deal with these threats to our lives . ” “ we have to deal with the marginalization that has come from 400 years of slavery that you said , for our people , was a choice , ” he added . “ frankly , i ’m disappointed , i ’m appalled , and brother , i am unbelievably hurt by the fact that you have morphed into something , to me , that ’s not real . ”
imagine , you are having a rough day and just when everything starts to get worse you tell yourself , " tomorrow is another day " and you find serenity to make it through your turbulent time . well , these people are sorely lacking in serenity and chose to jump to complete apathy . they have let bad luck overcome them and given in to whatever may happen . these folks have fully stopped trying and decided to give zero effort going forward . check out 14 funny pictures of people who have just given up . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you related to the most . 1 . on planes , some people watch movies , some people read , some people give up2 . you better hope firemen do n't have to reach this in a hurry 3 . that 's a wrap , folks 4 . canadian gas stations 5 . this is called " throwing the baby out with the bathwater " 6 . they have a man holding down the wood , but do n't even put a red flag at the end of it 7 . now back up ... very slowly 8 . when you have to clean up the cleaning products 9 . imagine seeing this while driving on the highway ? 10 . " hey , come and get your phone back . free of charge " 11 . a literal backseat driver 12 . " ugh , i hate when 15-foot-long boas sneak into my store " 13 . you 've heard of police dogs , but have you heard of police birds ? 14 . " ok kiddos , while we visit dead relatives you can play in the bouncy house " which one of these did you like the most ?
samsung electronics could be in a cartel with hynix and micron technology in order to keep the monopolistically high prices for dram memory chips . this follows from a lawsuit filed by the law firm hagens berman in the district court of northern california . the illegal activities of companies undermined the basics of competition and had a negative impact on the prices of devices using dram chips.lawyers hagens berman conducted an independent study , which led to the conclusion that the joint activities of samsung , hynix and micron to create an artificial shortage of dram chips . the lack of components in turn allowed manufacturers to set higher prices than the average market , provoking their partners , including apple , to accept unfavorable terms under the supply contract.cartel collusion between enterprises is a classic scheme for establishing abnormally high prices for goods that enjoy a consistently high demand regardless of country and industry , says steve berman , managing partner of hagens berman . " instead of playing by the rules , samsung , micron and hynix took advantage of their position and decided to press partners , forcing the market to follow their own will , " he says .
ingredients : 1 cup soft bread crumbs 1 medium onion , chopped 1/2 cup tomato sauce 1 egg 1-1/2 teaspoons salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1-1/2 pounds lean ground beef sauce : 1/2 cup ketchup 3 tablespoons brown sugar 3 tablespoons worcestershire sauce 2 tablespoons white vinegar 2 tablespoons prepared mustarddirections : in a large bowl , combine the first six ingredients . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . shape into two loaves ; place each loaf in a disposable 8x4-in . loaf pan . cover with foil . prepare grill for indirect heat . grill , covered , over medium heat for 30 minutes or until the meat is no longer pink and a thermometer reads 160 ° . meanwhile , in a small saucepan , combine sauce ingredients . cook and stir over low heat until sugar is dissolved . spoon over meat loaves before serving.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 276 calories , 10g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 105 mg cholesterol , 1163 mg sodium , 21g carbohydrate ( 11g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 24g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . grill : 30 min .
ingredients : 1/2 cup italian salad dressing 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 1 pork tenderloin ( 1 pound ) 1/2 teaspoon montreal steak seasoningdirections : in a large resealable plastic bag , combine salad dressing and soy sauce ; add pork . seal bag and turn to coat ; refrigerate for up to 4 hours . drain and discard marinade . rub pork with steak seasoning . using long-handled tongs , moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack . prepare grill for indirect heat . grill pork , covered , over indirect medium-hot heat for 25-40 minutes or until a thermometer reads 160 ° . let stand for 5 minutes before slicing.note : this recipe was tested with mccormick ’s montreal steak seasoning . look for it in the spice aisle.nutritional facts : 3 ounces cooked pork : 171 calories , 8g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 500 mg sodium , 1g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 0 fiber ) , 23g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1/2 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating grill : 25 min .
ingredients : 1 large green pepper , thinly sliced 1 small onion , thinly sliced and separated into rings 1/2 teaspoon olive oil 1 loaf ( 1 pound ) unsliced italian bread 1/3 cup prepared italian salad dressing , divided 2 ounces sliced deli turkey 4 slices swiss cheese 2 ounces sliced deli ham 3 slices cheddar cheese 2 ounces sliced deli pastrami 1/2 cup sliced dill pickles 1 large tomato , thinly sliced additional olive oildirections : in a large bowl , toss green pepper and onion with oil . place on a double thickness of heavy-duty foil ( about 12 in . square ) . fold foil around vegetables and seal tightly . grill , covered , over medium-hot heat for 12-15 minutes or until tender ; set aside . cut loaf in half horizontally ; remove bread from top half , leaving a 1/2-in . shell ( discard removed bread or save for another use ) . brush cut sides of loaf with salad dressing ; place cut side down on grill . grill , uncovered , over medium heat for 3-5 minutes or until golden brown . place bottom of loaf on a double thickness of heavy-duty foil ( about 18 in . x 12 in . ) . layer with turkey , two swiss cheese slices , ham , cheddar cheese , pastrami and remaining swiss cheese . top with green pepper mixture , pickles and tomato . drizzle remaining dressing over cut side of bread top ; place over filling . brush bread with additional oil . fold foil around sandwich and seal tightly . grill , covered , over medium heat for 4-8 minutes or until cheese is melted . cut into slices with a serrated knife.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
ingredients : 1 can ( 8 ounces ) sliced pineapple 1/2 cup dry bread crumbs 1/2 cup sliced green onions 1/2 cup chopped sweet red pepper 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 pound lean ground turkey 1/4 cup reduced-sodium teriyaki sauce 4 sesame hamburger bunsdirections : drain pineapple , reserving 1/4 cup juice ( discard remaining juice or save for another use ) ; set pineapple aside . in a large bowl , combine the bread crumbs , onions , red pepper , soy sauce , salt and reserved pineapple juice . crumble turkey over mixture and mix well . shape into four patties . using long-handled tongs , moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack . grill , covered , over medium heat for 3 minutes on each side . brush with teriyaki sauce . grill 4-6 minutes longer on each side or until a thermometer reads 165 ° and juices run clear . grill pineapple slices for 2 minutes on each side , basting occasionally with teriyaki sauce . warm buns on grill ; top each with a burger and pineapple slice.nutritional facts : 1 each : 391 calories , 13g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 90 mg cholesterol , 1041 mg sodium , 42g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 3g fiber ) , 27g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 2 starch , 1 fruit.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 25 min .
ingredients : 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 4 ounces each ) 1 tablespoon olive oil 1/2 teaspoon celery salt 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt 1/2 teaspoon lemon-pepper seasoning 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1/4 teaspoon paprika 1/4 teaspoon pepper 6 kaiser rolls , split and toasted 12 slices tomato 6 lettuce leavesdirections : flatten chicken to 1/2-in . thickness . brush both sides with oil . combine the seasonings ; rub over both sides of chicken . arrange in a 13-in . x 9-in . baking dish . cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight . using long-handled tongs , moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack . grill chicken , covered , over medium heat or broil 4 in . from the heat for 3-5 minutes on each side or until chicken is no longer pink . serve on rolls with tomato and lettuce.nutritional facts : 1 each : 323 calories , 6g fat ( 1g saturated fat ) , 66 mg cholesterol , 701 mg sodium , 33g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 2g fiber ) , 32g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 2 starch.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
like marvel 's avengers , facebook 's camera ar platform now has a number of new ar superpowers at its disposal , so it is fitting that earth 's mightiest heroes have the distinction of displaying them.available now in via facebook on ios and android , the avengers : infinity war ar effects , represented by a cartoon iron man avatar , gives users a dozen new marvel character-inspired ar effects . when the avengers experience is selected , a grid of avatars appears from which users can choose various ar effects . most of the effects enable users to impersonate characters ( thor , iron man , and star-lord ) via the front-facing camera , while the groot and rocket raccoon options put 3d models of the characters in the user 's environment ( although the surface tracking was a bit unstable in my experience ) . the promotional experience gives facebook the chance to show off its new ar capabilities . for instance , the black panther , black widow , and captain america options show off background segmentation ( the black panther effect even puts a mountain vista from wakanda behind you ) , while the iron man , thor , and scarlet witch effects display the hand-tracking feature . disney and marvel are promoting the record-breaking movie on a number of digital platforms . for instance , the avengers commandeered the cover of moviebill , regal 's ar magazine , and the movie 's characters also got their own snapchat lens ( displayed below ) last week . in non-ar promotional fare , there are also avengers digital stickers available for ios and facebook . but where 's the ar stickers pack for avengers , google ?! for the multitudes who have seen avengers : infinity war , the ar effects now gives fans an opportunity to ( spoiler alert ) mourn the fallen heroes and hope that a new macguffin or box office economic opportunity brings them back soon .
ingredients : 1/2 cup barbecue sauce 1 tablespoon honey 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce , chopped 1 pork tenderloin ( 1 pound ) 1-1/2 cups coleslaw mix 2 tablespoons reduced-fat sour cream 2 tablespoons miracle whip light 1 tablespoon dijon mustard 4 hamburger buns , splitdirections : in a small bowl , combine the barbecue sauce , honey and peppers . set aside 1/4 cup until serving . moisten a paper towel with cooking oil ; using long-handled tongs , lightly coat the grill rack . prepare grill for indirect heat , using a drip pan . place pork over drip pan and grill , covered , over indirect medium-hot heat for 20-25 minutes or until meat reaches desired doneness ( for medium-rare , a thermometer should read 145 ° ; medium , 160 ° ) , basting occasionally with remaining barbecue sauce . let stand for 5 minutes before slicing . meanwhile , combine the coleslaw mix , sour cream , miracle whip light and mustard . brush cut sides of buns with reserved barbecue sauce . cut pork into 1/4-in . slices ; place on bun bottoms . top with coleslaw and bun tops.nutritional facts : 1 each : 337 calories , 9g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 68 mg cholesterol , 753 mg sodium , 35g carbohydrate ( 14g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 28g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 2 starch , 1 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . grill : 20 min .
ingredients : 4 pounds bone-in country-style pork ribs 1 cup water 1 cup ketchup 1/4 cup packed brown sugar 1/4 cup cider vinegar 1/4 cup worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon celery seed 1 teaspoon chili powder 1/8 teaspoon hot pepper sauce dash pepperdirections : preheat oven to 325 ° . place ribs in a shallow roasting pan . bake , covered , 1-1/2 to 2 hours or until meat is tender . meanwhile , in a small saucepan , combine the remaining ingredients . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , 5 minutes , stirring occasionally . pour 1 cup sauce over ribs ; turn to coat . let stand 15 minutes . drain and discard sauce from ribs . grill ribs , uncovered , over medium heat 10-12 minutes or until browned , basting with 1 cup sauce and turning occasionally . serve with remaining sauce.nutritional facts : 1 serving : 409 calories , 18g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 114 mg cholesterol , 463 mg sodium , 24g carbohydrate ( 23g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 35g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 1-1/2 hours + standing grill : 10 min .
ingredients : 1 cup soy sauce 1/4 cup diced green pepper 1/4 cup packed brown sugar 4 teaspoons chopped onion 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger 2 garlic cloves , minced 4 pork loin chops ( 1 inch thick ) 2 teaspoons sugar 2 teaspoons cornstarch 1/2 cup waterdirections : in a blender , combine the soy sauce , green pepper , brown sugar , onion , ginger and garlic ; cover and process until smooth . set aside 2 tablespoons for sauce . pour the remaining marinade into a large resealable plastic bag or shallow glass container . add pork chops and turn to coat . seal or cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight ; drain and discard marinade . grill chops , covered , over medium heat for 4-5 minutes on each side or until a thermometer reads 145 ° . let meat stand for 5 minutes before serving . in a saucepan , combine the sugar , cornstarch , water and reserved soy sauce mixture ; stir until smooth . bring to a boil ; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened . serve with chops.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 25 min .
ingredients : 6 tablespoons olive oil 1/4 cup minced fresh cilantro 1/4 cup orange juice 1/4 cup white or regular balsamic vinegar 2 tablespoons honey 1 garlic clove , minced 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon sriracha asian hot chili sauce 2 large apples , cut into 1/2-inch wedges 1 package ( 5 ounces ) spring mix salad greens 1 cup walnut halves , toasted 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheesedirections : for dressing , whisk together first eight ingredients . in a bowl , toss apples with 1/4 cup dressing . place apple slices on a grill rack over medium heat ; reserve dressing left in bowl . grill apples , covered , until tender and lightly browned , 3-4 minutes per side , brushing with reserved marinade . to serve , toss greens with remaining dressing . top with grilled apples , walnuts and cheese.tip : lighten this salad by leaving off the walnuts and blue cheese . you ’ll save 150 calories per serving , but the grilled apples and homemade dressing will still make it taste as if it came from a restaurant.note : to toast nuts , bake in a shallow pan in a 350 ° oven for 5-10 minutes or cook in a skillet over low heat until lightly browned , stirring occasionally.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . + marinating grill : 10 min .
you want to be able to make a lasting impression on a woman . i do n’t know many guys that dream about being friends with beautiful women . but , i do know a lot of men that wish that they could attract a beautiful woman and make her fall for them very fast . if you want to be able to attract beautiful women , if you want to know how to make a lasting impression on her , then you have to learn about female attraction.you have to know why it happens the way that it does and what you can do to make her want you.women do n’t fall for a guy because for the same reasons that a man would fall for a woman . let ’s face it , as men , all we need is to see a pretty face and curves that do n’t stop and that ’s more than enough for us . we do n’t stop to think of anything else . to attract beautiful women , you have to know what drives a woman and what makes her feel that powerful , magnetic force of attraction.so , what should you know : 1 . for her , attraction is not a choice.she ’s not going to go through a whole checklist of your good points and your strong suits when she meets you . she ’s not going to decide , well he ’s pretty secure financially and he ’s a good guy , so i ’ll be attracted to him . when she meets you , when she connects with you , she gets a feeling . if it ’s the right one , then you will have her . she will be attracted to you and she will want you . if you give her the wrong feeling , then things are not going to go your way .2 . you do n’t have to use slick lines to attract beautiful women.more often than not , guys will actually do worse when they try and use pickup lines on a woman . beautiful women are used to getting hit with these kinds of lines from all angles . they get numb to them . they know right away what you are trying to do and what you are trying to get . if you want to create real attraction with a woman , then you have to put away any gimmicks and routines and you have to go with what creates natural attraction with a woman .3 . she ’s go to know that you are the alpha male.funny thing is , an alpha male is hard to define . for some guys , it goes back to the locker room antics , the macho male that all other men fear and respect . when it comes to attracting beautiful women , you want to be more of a modern alpha male . you want to show that you are confident and secure in yourself . you want to show a woman that you are capable of being a leader . what you do n’t want to do is to go too far with it and try to be intimidating when you are around a woman . that ’s a sure way to drive her away.if you want to attract beautiful women , then you have to be able to do what the other guy will not do . you have to be the kind of guy that women want to be with . this is how you will make her want you . and when you do , then she will never forget you.want to learn how to make her want you?become the man that she will never forget …
caution , the road ahead is a dead end . by scrolling through these you will not find anything except hilarious pictures that make zero sense . there 's a stairway that leads to literally nowhere , and people trying to move some furniture using just their car but they obviously have no idea about the laws of physics . plus , there 's even a cameo from christopher walken . these photos will not enlighten you , but they will brighten your day . check out 14 funny photos that make no sense and lead nowhere except to laughter . make sure to leave us a comment with which one you thought was the funniest . 1 . you better start pedaling ... hard ! 2 . " hey bro , why 'd you cut me off back there ? " 3 . i guess tsa are n't big christopher walken fans 4 . built ford rough 5 . maybe try turning it the other way6 . " and the elevator 's broken ... " 7 . this reads like a treasure map , " take the path leading nowhere then go up to mystical tree " 8 . kfc is worldwide 9 . when your day has been complete garbage 10 . pecking order 11 . false advertising 12 . must be a bad neighborhood 13 . looks like he 's sneaking a free ride 14 . there 's no way this is less noticeable than just taking the new pairwhich of these did you think was the strangest ?
with avengers : infinity war coming around , a very important record was broken . and a related unofficial tradition continued . it all started 4 decades ago when star wars : a new hope was released , forever changing the landscape of cinema and kick-starting the world ’s most famous franchise.up until then , jaws 2 held the top spot in terms of opening domestic weekend gross . steven spielberg sent a congratulatory message to george lucas .4 years later , the tables turned with spielberg ’s smash-hit e.t. surpassed star wars , prompting the below message from lucas to spielberg.the favor was returned promptly after the release of rotj.then a new player entered . almost a decade later , james cameron ’s titanic was released , marking an important milestone in the history of hollywood . not only would it shatter records , it would set one that lasted for more than a decade , only to be broken by another movie from the same guy.just a couple of years back , the earth ’s mightiest heroes conceded defeat to starlord and his pet dinosaur.though it did n’t last long before the lucas saga stole the spotlight again.only for the avengers to finally get their due .
" look at the bright side , things ca n't get any worse . " this is the idiom you tell yourself when you 're having a rough day , but unfortunately , some days actually find a way of getting much worse . that 's what happened to the people in the photos below . everything escalated very quickly from " minor inconvenience " to " thousands of dollars in damages " to " the universe must hate me . " you 'll be shocked at how bad their luck is , but take comfort that you can see these catastrophes from a safe distance . scroll through to see 14 hilarious pics of people whose days went from bad to worse in a hurry . make sure to leave a comment with which one you thought was the most ridiculous . 1 . " ok , now try putting it in reverse ... alright , now drive ... " 2 . who they gon na call ? 3 . when your dinner wants to eat you4 . when your stove just ca n't take it any more 5 . when you have to wait a really long time for your food to arrive 6 . nobody wants to take the blame 7 . this will teach people to stay off their phones and pay attention 8 . let 's just hope this guy does n't break down too 9 . is this his bed he 's taking with him hitchhiking , or is this bed just there for anybody to use ? 10 . when somebody replaces the game with a photocopy 11 . always check before sitting down 12 . when mcdonald 's goes very extra on the extra mayo13 . not all cats are created equal 14 . this bale of hay just needed to cool off which of these did you think was the funniest ?
barbecue has long been a traditional dish for many people , and before you start cooking it is advised to familiarize yourself with the various recipes for cooking shish kebab . it is worth noting that this dish has a fairly decent history and a huge amount of interesting facts .1 . let 's see where the name came from . as the researchers note , in the 18th century , the word " shish kebab " came from the crimean tatars into the ukrainian language . at the same time , it was pronounced quite differently . in the translation of " muzzle " , and the word " shishluk " meant to fry or twirl on the spit . interestingly , the similar phrase was used in some other states , such as lebanon , the caucasus , iran , as well as iraq .2 . as for the homeland of this delicious meal , it is still not stopped to quit disputes . it is assumed that shish kebab appeared for the first time in the east . many believe that he came from turks . this is due to the fact that they have the word " shalig " , which is translated as " sha " - it 's a flesh , and " leagues " - cut . uncertainty in the very name of the dish has led to the fact that in a number of states this dish has different names .3 . so , in bulgaria barbecue is called " shish kebab " , in japan it is " kusiyaki " , in georgia this dish is called " mtswadi " , in moldova it is " kirnetsei " , in armenia fried on a coal meat is called " chorovat " in romania - " greeks " , in greece - " sovlaki " , and madeira " espeta " .4 . in ukraine , barbecue is very popular . for the lovers of this dish was organized even a special community , which received a very unusual name .5 . the main task of the members of this community is the popularization of american shish kebab , which is called barbecue . in addition , this organization advocates a healthy lifestyle . here you are well-informed with delicious and refined recipes of roasted meat on the coals , and can also indicate which vegetables and sauce are perfectly suited to it.yes , barbecue is very difficult to call a regular dish . this is the fortune of many peoples , which could not change its pristine appearance .
sushi and rolls can really cause serious problems . first , the fish may contain parasites if stored improperly . secondly , in the heat of intestinal infections , including salmonella , notorious for kiev lovers of sushi , spread many times faster . and , finally , it is worth remembering that even fresh sushi are not necessarily safe : tuna can contain mercury , a soy sauce spoon - more than the daily sodium norm.nevertheless , the right sushi or rolls - a useful dish , it is not for nothing that it was the european culinary specialists who " lent " the japanese to the japanese . of course , we do not encourage you to laugh in the face of danger - common sense first . but it 's not necessary to give up your favorite dish even in the summer , believe me .1 . count the time . experienced cooks-sushi say that sushi and rolls are stored no more than 3 hours . this rule works for ideal temperature conditions - that is , a refrigerator . if it is a street summer temperature , the time should be divided into two - that is , the shelf life of sushi - no more than an hour and a half . proceeding from this , count each time before each order and think about your plans . a restaurant with delivery is an hour 's drive from your house , and on the streets of traffic jams ? do not order . do you plan to bring the rolls home and wait for the friends to come in an hour to eat together ? better not in the summer .2 . do not buy rolls and sushi in stores in the summer . on the counter , they look appetizing , but to guarantee that the sushi or rolls lie under the glass for only an hour , no one can - and you will not check . in addition , refrigerator counters usually have a common temperature for all the products inside - about 10 degrees - and for sushi with fish this is a bit too much .3 . delivery - only in the refrigerator . if you order the delivery home , make sure that the courier uses a special refrigerator - the so-called isometric container . most large restaurants have such , and the temperature on the street is above 20 degrees - a direct indication for their use . do not be afraid to look picky - it 's about your health .4 . what is really worth seeing . some sushi bars , trying to win the customer , try to make the cooking process as transparent as possible : the cook-sushi can come out to you in the hall or in front of the client to cut the rolls behind the counter . in fact , there is nothing good in this - the sanitary conditions near the cashier , where hundreds of customers are coming in a day , are not the best.so do not be deceived : this approach to quality assurance does not guarantee . but the overview counter , which exhibits frozen fish and other ingredients that the chef uses , is really worth seeing . moreover , all permits and information about the supplier of fish should be placed next to it .5 . choose sushi for breakfast . this is a fact : in japan sushi and rolls are a " morning " dish - in restaurants on the coast they are usually served until 13:00 , as they are prepared from freshly caught fish .
ingredients : 2 large eggs , beaten 2/3 cup whole milk 1-1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese 1 cup crushed saltines ( about 30 crackers ) 1 cup finely shredded carrots 1/2 cup finely chopped onion 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon pepper 2 pounds lean ground beef 1/2 cup packed brown sugar 1/2 cup ketchup 2 tablespoons dijon mustarddirections : in a large bowl , combine the eggs , milk , cheese , saltines , carrots , onion , salt , garlic powder and pepper . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . shape into a loaf . place in a greased 13x9-in . baking dish . bake , uncovered , at 350 ° for 50 minutes . for glaze , in a small saucepan , bring the brown sugar , ketchup and mustard to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , for 3-5 minutes or until heated through . spoon over meat loaf . bake 10-15 minutes longer or until meat is no longer pink and a thermometer reads 160 ° . drain ; let stand for 10 minutes before slicing.nutritional facts : 4 ounce-weight : 266 calories , 12g fat ( 6g saturated fat ) , 100 mg cholesterol , 494 mg sodium , 18g carbohydrate ( 12g sugars , 1g fiber ) , 20g protein.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 1 hour + standing
on august 29 , last year , there was heavy rainfall and 45 trains got stranded on tracks , which affected commute for days . this time , however , the situation could be slightly better , as during heavy rains , the central railway may tweak its timetable and lessen the number of train services . on a normal day , 1,732 train services are operated , while 1,384 are operated on sunday.this would be done to ensure that adequate number of rakes are available to run on the following days , in case some rakes get stranded.close to 350 local train services will not be operated during high tide coupled with heavy rainfall . however , this will be done on an experimental basis for two weeks . based on the response of the public , the railways will decide whether to continue with it or not . " we are meeting imd officials next week and will be devising a detailed plan based on the days when heavy rainfall is predicted . if heavy rainfall is predicted but the rainfall recorded turns out to be lower , we will change the timetable and run services normally . when the municipal corporation of greater mumbai announces the closure of schools and colleges due to heavy rainfall , we will operate less services , " said sk jain , divisional railway manager ( mumbai ) , central railway.they are also going ahead with a slew of measures to reduce the amount of flooding on railway tracks , which includes the installation of two pumps with a capacity of 1000 cubic metre .
here ’s the second installment of the new “ what the eps ? ” series , where i look at earnings trends across sectors , countries , regions … . taking my usual top-down approach . this week we look at earnings trends for the s &amp; p500 , specifically the path of forward earnings ( up sharply ) , trailing earnings ( up slowly ) , and estimates of long term future earnings growth ( up sensationally * ) . get our activist investing case study!get the entire 10-part series on our in-depth study on activist investing in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or print it out to read anywhere ! sign up below ! the key points on the s &amp; p500 earnings outlook are : - forward earnings growth is running hot ( thanks to a spike in upward revisions driven by the tax cuts ) . - trailing earnings are plodding along , following a recovery from the 2015/16 earnings recession.-long term growth estimates have spiked to the highest levels seen since the dot com boom . forward vs trailing earnings growth : this is an important chart for anyone who cares about the s &amp; p500 . it shows the pace of growth in forward earnings ( consensus estimates of the next 12 months earnings ) vs trailing earnings ( actual earnings over the last 12 months ) . the obvious standout is the surge in forward earnings ( thanks to tax cuts ) , the less obvious standout is the earnings recession in 2015/16 , and relatively lackluster pace of earnings growth thereafter - no signs of overheating there ! ( yet ) consensus long term earnings growth : the next chart shows a rather interesting indicator i found as i sifted through the dozens of series on thomson reuters datastream , termed " weighted average long term growth forecast " . as you might guess , this is the weighted average long term expected earnings growth rate for the s &amp; p500 . the chart below provides an interesting , if cautionary , look at this indicator across time ... compare and contrast the peak of the dot com boom vs the depths of the global financial crisis . something tells me this one might be more of a sentiment indicator than anything ! still , what a turnaround from the lows of 2016 . looking for deeper insights ? why not take a free trial for an extra level of insight and service ... follow us on : article by top down charts
no matter what happens you should never give up hope . the people in these photos are sterling examples of folks who found the silver lining in bad situations . stuck waiting for the bus for what seems like eternity , and then when it arrives there are no seats ? well , create your own seat . how about if the village you 're in gets flooded by a typhoon ? use this as an opportunity to test out the groundbreaking innovative shoes you 've been testing out . these people 's bad luck turned into hilarious scenarios . scroll through to see 13 funny photos of people making the most of a bad day . make sure to leave us a comment with which one you thought was the funniest . 1 . when you forgot your safety glasses at home 2 . " there were no more seats in the bus , so i took one on the bus " 3 . sign her up as the next avenger 4 . did you forget something ? 5 . " i got ta get a closer look at this vanity plate ... " 6 . that 's one way to transport lumber 7 . maybe next time you go sledding you bring an actual sleigh instead 8 . " oh no .... my keys ! " 9 . would you buy these during a flood ? 10 . " do n't forget your change " 11 . full snowplow sold separately 12 . this might change how i look at the bottom of cereal boxes forever 13 . " your computer is dirty . you need to clean it " which of these did you think was the most crazy ?
getty/daniel dahler photography/courtesy of gwen banta &amp; patrick martin of sotheby ’s international realty . singer/songwriter moby put his los angeles mansion on the market in february , and within just a few weeks the los feliz estate he had renovated extensively found a buyer : leonardo dicaprio . daniel dahler photography/courtesy of gwen banta &amp; patrick martin of sotheby ’s international realty . the actor has a history of investing in and flipping real estate , and it does not appear that he plans to move into the 4,644-square-foot home ; instead , the los angeles times reports , he " bought the english traditional home through a trust for a family member , according to sources not authorized to comment on the deal . " whoever ends up living in the los feliz home will have its former owner as a neighbor — moby bought the house next door in 2014 . gwen banta &amp; patrick martin of sotheby ’s international realty held the listing , which was marketed as " moby 's los feliz marketplace . " their firm 's press office declined to confirm dicaprio as the buyer . moby bought the 18-room home for $ 3.4 million in 2016 and gave it a contemporary makeover , complete with white marble countertops and bathrooms , all-white rooms , and modern furniture . a pool and outdoor dining area are hidden behind thick hedges surrounding the property . the five-bedroom home also boasts a walk-in pantry , a steam room , and a room that doubles as a yoga room or study . maybe dicaprio will want to give yoga another go in the privacy of his own home this time?see more photos of the home below .
an underwater city has always captured the imagination — especially after james bonds ’ adventures in the spy who loved me . the muraka underwater hotel lets you play the part of the intrepid mi6 agent , where bond fought with the evil mastermind stromberg – you ’ll have nothing to deal with here but ultimate luxury and a team of dedicated butlers . “ muraka ” means coral in the native language of dhivehi in the conrad maldives rangali islands . the suite doubles with accommodations above and below the water — 16 feet below the water to be exact . below the water , you ’ll find rooms for living , dining , and entertaining ; a bathroom ; and a sleeping space with a king-size bed , all beneath a curved acrylic dome designed by a new zealand based design firm . there is also an underwater restaurant , the ithaa , for guests staying at the resort . the peaceful and serene setting will make for healthy appetites , peaceful sleep , and romantic moments . the underwater quarters connect topside via a spiral staircase . above water , there is a gym , a bar , an infinity pool , the butlers ’ quarters , a sunrise-facing deck , and an ocean-facing bathtub . the villa measures 652 square meters — 550 above and 102 below . the build cost of the two-story hotel villa is north of $ 15 million , which might justify the $ 50,000 per night cost . the villa can accommodate up to nine guests ( that ’s $ 5,555 a piece if you ’re doing the math ) .
a couple of days ago , the profile of blake lively in instagram underwent significant changes - from her numerous publications there was no trace , and the number of subscriptions of the actress was noticeably reduced . moreover , the 30-year-old star unsubscribed even from her 43-year-old spouse ryan reynolds , which could not help noticing the loyal fans of the couple , and subscribed to 38 people , who by chance name are emily nelson.reynolds , known for his sense of humor , already had time to comment on the situation and the question of why his wife stopped his friendship with him in social networks , responded in his usual manner : yes , she really did it . and i 'm very upset because of this . it 's a terrible way to find out that you were kicked out of the house . just awful , he joked.in fact , fans of the stellar couple should not worry . blake was not depressed , and there was no quarrel between her and her husband . the thing is that such behavior of the actress in instagram is just a promotional action in support of the film ( a simple favor ) , in which blake plays the main role ( and her heroine is exactly the name of emily nelson ) . we will not see new publications from blake for quite a long time - such instagram , apparently , will be until september 13 , until the picture is released in the world 's rental .
to write his james bond novels , author ian fleming was inspired by the otherworldly caribbean beachscapes of northern jamaica , where he famously kept a sprawling estate . but had he traveled to the western coast to stay at the new skylarkresort , who knows what far-fetched spy games he would have concocted for agent 007 ? skylark negril beach resort opening in june , the 28-room , two-acre property is located on the beautiful " seven mile " oceanfront of negril . it 's the sister property of the storied rockhouse , where bob marley and the rolling stones used to spend downtime between tours . in fact , the overall design and soft palette harken back to that period when , in the 1960s and '70s , negril was a destination for bohemian jetsetters and celebrities . on the premises will be the first jamaican outpost for new york 's miss lily ’s restaurant , serving chef andre fowles 's signature caribbean cuisine with a contemporary twist ; and the skylark spa , where guests can indulge in a remineralizing soak and scrub with natural ingredients indigenous to the island . skylark negril beach resort if fleming were alive , after a day of sunbathing on the hotel 's 220-foot private beach , he 'd surely be found at the bar with a vodka martini in hand . shaken , not stirred . rooms from $ 175 .
it 's important to try and put yourself in other people 's shoes before casting judgement . well , usually it is , but in the case of these folks you might want to just skip over that because there is no way you 'll be able to decipher what they were thinking - or even what they wanted to accomplish . the last picture is particularly confusing , and unsettling , but most of them are just downright hilarious . scroll through to see 14 funny photos that make no sense but will have you laughing . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you liked the most . 1 . when your saw is made from stihl , but the tree is made of steel 2 . i really hope this is n't some kind of drinking water filtration system 3 . looks like somebody who weighs a lot tried to use the car as a ramp 4 . probably not headed to the country club 5 . saving money on bus fare 6 . this is just resourceful and resilient 7 . it 's been so long since i 've seen one , but this is how payphones always looked , right ? 8 . money well spent 9 . would you wear a pair of these ? 10 . " guys , i 'm scared . can somebody help ? " 11 . this is what ubers are like in the country 12 . there has to be an easier way to do this 13 . " i just popped in to say hi " 14 . wait , so how long has he been in there that he needs the charger ? which of these did you think was the most funny ?
the us air force has successfully tested the " gravity " nuclear bomb b61-12 fifth generation . this bomb is three times as powerful as its predecessors.this was stated by deputy chairman of the headquarters for strategic containment and integration of nuclear weapons , general jack weinstein , reports military.com.according to the american general , 26 engineering , pilot and controlled flight tests have been conducted at that moment.as the publication notes , the program for modification of this bomb has been under way for 7 years . this nuclear munition is unique to its tail feathers , which allows you to control its fall and increase the accuracy of the target 's destruction.however , weinstein did not specify which planes used bombs during the test , but the publication says that nuclear bombs of this type should be compatible with the platforms of the fifth-generation f-35 lightning ii multipurpose fighter bombers.according to the publication , the first batch of these bombs will enter the armament of the american army until 2020 .
03 may 2018 - 19h00eu invites 15,000 teens to travel free in europeinshare © afp/file | under the discovereu programme , 15,000 young eu citizens can apply in june for free train , bus , ferry and in some cases plane tickets to visit the 28-nation blocbrussels ( afp ) - the european union on thursday launched a plan for thousands of 18-year-old europeans to travel in the bloc for free this summer as part of efforts to promote the eu.under the discovereu programme , 15,000 young eu citizens can apply next month for free train , bus , ferry and in some cases plane tickets to visit the 28-nation bloc.it " is expected to give 15,000 young people the opportunity to travel around europe this summer , " said the european commission , the executive arm of the eu.it will help them " discover the continent 's rich cultural heritage , get in touch with other people , learn from other cultures and as such discover what unites europe , " it added.the project proposed by the european parliament has a budget of 12 million euros ( $ 14 million ) . those selected will be able to travel up to 30 days and visit between one and four foreign destinations within europe.applications will be received over a two-week period in june 2018 via the european youth portal.a jury will then select the first 15,000 recipients before a second round of applications is launched later in the year depending on how much money is left over and on participant feedback .
loki is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . created by writer stan lee , scripter larry lieber , and penciller jack kirby , a version of the character first appeared in venus # 6 ( august 1949 ) . the modern day incarnation of loki first appeared in journey into mystery # 85 ( october 1962 ) . he is the adopted brother and often the enemy of the superhero thor . loki is based on the norse deity of the same name and is sometimes depicted as an antihero.loki has appeared in several ongoing series , limited series and alternate reality series , including his own 4-issue series loki ( 2004 ) . he was the main character of journey into mystery from issues 622 to 645 , and appeared in the new issues of young avengers in 2013 . he began appearing in his solo series loki : agent of asgard in 2014 and again in 2016 with vote loki . the character has also appeared in associated marvel merchandise including animated television series , clothing , toys , video games , and movies.in 2009 , loki was ranked as ign 's 8th greatest comic book villain of all time [ 1 ] and in 2014 was ranked again by ign , this time as the 4th greatest comic book villain of all time . [ 2 ] tom hiddleston portrays loki in the marvel cinematic universe , first appearing in the 2011 live action film thor , and then again in the avengers ( 2012 ) , thor : the dark world ( 2013 ) , thor : ragnarok ( 2017 ) and avengers : infinity war ( 2018 ) . he is also slated to reprise his role in an upcoming untitled avengers film ( 2019 ) . credit : wikipedia
falcon ( samuel thomas " sam " wilson ) is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . the character was created by writer-editor stan lee and artist gene colan , and introduced in captain america # 117 ( sept. 1969 ) . as the superhero falcon , wilson uses mechanical wings to fly , granting him limited telepathic and empathic control over birds . following steve rogers ' retirement , wilson becomes the newest captain america and leader of the avengers.wilson 's deceased nephew was the incredible hulk 's sometime-sidekick jim wilson , one of the first openly hiv-positive comic-book characters . jim wilson 's father gideon wilson would go on to join the gamma corps . sam also has parents named paul and darlene wilson , a sister named sarah casper , a nephew named jody toby casper , [ 1 ] and an unnamed niece . [ 2 ] anthony mackie portrays sam wilson / falcon in the 2014 marvel studios film , captain america : the winter soldier and reprises his role in avengers : age of ultron ( 2015 ) , ant-man ( 2015 ) , captain america : civil war ( 2016 ) , avengers : infinity war ( 2018 ) and is set to reprise his role in its as-yet untitled sequel ( 2019 ) . credit : wikipedia
the tough thing about being a parent is that while your kids are allowed to act like kids , you still have to act like a grown up , even when you feel about as far from adult as you can get.on a good day , parenting is just great . funny , startling , and affectionate , your kids give you a fresh take on things as they discover their world . seeing the world through their eyes is a delight.it 's an entirely different kind of challenge to figure out your kid 's perspective when your family life turns to custard . that 's when you 're likely to discover the impact that being young might have on your kid 's ability to cope with the situation.whether they 're six months , or sixteen , kids ' job is learning about themselves . how they walk , how they talk , who they are and how they fit into their family . so it makes sense that when parents separate kids reactions are based on how they are effected.most kids have an idea about their relationship with each parent ; how you get on , what they can count on you for , what gets you mad . they may have some understanding about how the relationship between their parent 's effects them , but it 's hard for them to understand much about how it effects you.if understanding the situation is tricky for kids , talking with you about it may be even harder . it 's likely that your feelings about the situation are pretty complicated , so you can imagine how bewildering your kids might find sorting out all the differing things they feel.talking about it might be very useful for your kids but you need to be ready for the possibility that conversations might not be very reasonable or fair . this is when being the adult really kicks in . you need to be prepared to do more than half the work in the relationship with your kids.you may need to keep on offering to listen even if what they have to say is hurtful . your temptation may be to justify yourself , to react to hurtful comments with anger or withdrawal , to assign blame to the other parent , to lay down the law , to make no space for their distress , to confide in them about your own unhappiness.your impulses are as natural and human as your children 's are . they are about being under enormous pressure and wanting a break . its not a crime to want a rest from some responsibilities when you you 're going through the kind of crisis that leaves you feeling more like a vulnerable child than a resourceful adult.it 's perfectly reasonable to want help . it 's just important that you seek support for yourself from people in a good position to provide it . your kids are not a good option . your kids need more support from each of their parents , not less.the more idea you can get of what 's going on for your kids , the more chance you have of going to the heart of their concerns . it 's easy to get side tracked by the way they act or what they say . if you can look at your family through your children 's eyes it will help you to help them . and in the long run , that will help you get through the tough times too .
so your partner 's got kids and they 're not yours . how do you make it work?the casualty rate is quite high for ' step-family ' relationships so this might be quite a challenge . even in the most straightforward situations keeping in step with your partner can be demanding . when your partner is a package deal you have to learn to step in sync with a whole troupe.maintaining a loving relationship with your partner that has room for their relationship with their kids is no easy matter . maybe you feel isolated on the margins of a family that has more influence on you than you have on it.maybe the kids ' other parent seems to have more sway in your home than you do . perhaps you feel like you 're last in the queue for your partner 's attention.these questions might helpif you and your partner want to work out the balance between your partnership and your different roles with the kids , these questions might offer some useful talking points.loyaltywhat do you understand about your partner 's loyalty to their kids ? how do they show their loyalty?what is it like for you?what is it like for you when your partner does these things ? which of these things are hardest for you ? which of them are easiest for you to live with?a parent 's role when is it easy for your partner to put their kids first ? when is it hard ? do you think it 's good for a parent to put their kids first ? are there any times when you think it might be better to do something else?what would you say is involved in being a good parent ? do you and your partner agree about this ? where else can the two of you go for ideas and information about parenting?how do you contribute?what would your partner say that you do to help them be a good and loyal parent ? are there other things you would add to that list?what would your partner say that you do that gets in the way of them being a good and loyal parent ? what do you think you do that might get in the way of their parenting?what happens to the relationship?what effect do the kids have on your relationship with your partner ? which effects have surprised you ? which ones do you enjoy ? which ones leave you feeling hurt or angry or sad?taking care of the relationshipwhat do you notice your partner doing to show their loyalty to you ? what would they add to your list ? how do you show your loyalty to them?what else might your partner do that would show you they value your relationship?what do you do or talk about together that is about your partnership and does n't involve the kids ? what else would you like to do together?what are the qualities you admire in your partner as you work at your relationship ? what do they admire about your efforts to address issues in your relationship?what picture do you have of how things could work better for both of you ? what picture does your partner have ? what aspects of their picture could you explore a bit more?what do you imagine enjoying about your relationship with each other in the future ? what will you do now that encourages those enjoyable things to grow?keep on talkingbalancing a satisfying relationship with your family life can be an ongoing challenge . keeping on talking and listening to each other . you might find stepping into your role is a useful article for your family .
sometimes the allure of working with a woman you think is very attractive can be a little too much . you start to think about her all of the time and you want to become more than just another co worker , a guy she works with . you want to be able to strike up a dating relationship with her . at the same time , though , you do n’t want to make things get weird on the job , do you?workplace dating is very common , but so often it ends up getting a little messy and then you end up having a situation where you or her has to leave . what if there was a way that you could attract a woman you work with and make sure that things did n’t get weird and you did not get rejected by her ? of course , there are no absolute guarantees , anything can happen . still , there are things that you can do to make it easy to attract a woman you work with and make it hard to resist you.here are 3 tips to attract a female co worker and make her want you : 1 . you have to set the stage for the sparks to fly.unless you want to run the risk of getting rejected by her and feeling awkward at work , then you need to set the stage for there to be some real chemistry between you and her before you try to advance things into a relationship . one of the real problems that men have is their timing , and when they go to ask her out on a date , the timing just is not right and she does not feel the attraction and chemistry that she needs to feel in order to say yes to you .2 . you need to be able to get to know her outside of the workplace.unless you work at a nightclub or something like that , then the workplace environment probably does not give you enough time to build up things enough with her . get her to hang out as friends with you and a few other co workers and use that time to build up her attraction . use conversation as a way to get the sparks flying .3 . use her body language to determine when the right time to ask her out on a date is.like i said before , timing is everything when it comes to getting a woman to say yes to going on a date with you and reading a woman ’s body language can be a good way to know when the right moment is . most men do not have a single clue on how to read a woman ’s body language , and this can give you that “ inside edge ” on getting a date with a woman you work with .
if you take a lot of screenshots on your pc , you ’ll be happy to know that microsoft is making it a whole lot easier to do more with them in windows 10 . if you grab the latest windows 10 insider preview build , you ’ll find that the screen sketch annotation tool that was previously part of windows ink for touchscreen devices is now a standalone app . that means you can invoke it by pressing win + shift + s , and then select an area on the screen to capture . alternatively , you can find in the action center , or configure the print screen key to bring up screen sketch instead of merely copying your screen ’s contents to the clipboard . once you ’ve captured a screen with the new standalone app , you can then annotate it as you like with a bunch of different brushes and pens , or share it via mail , skype , and microsoft store apps like twitter . if you ’d like to try it , you ’ll need to ensure you ’re signed up to to the windows insider program , and opt-in to receive fast ring updates . if you ’ve got a touchscreen laptop or tablet , you can fire up windows ink workspace and look for screen sketch there to see how it works right now . the next web ’s 2018 conference is just a few weeks away , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
who 's here who does not know cotton candy ? must have been on know all right ? sugary foods similar to this hair strand including a favorite snack when the child is small , even for some cotton candy is a favorite snack into adulthood.it used to be a little pink color cotton candy tends to white . but if now , cotton candy has a variety of colors . starting from bright pink to blue and green . all the colors offered so attract the attention of anyone who saw it . these colors come from sugar that has been given food coloring.not just the color alone , the food made from sugar stalls previously burned is also now dikreasikan into various preparations . besides being eaten directly , most cotton candy is used as toping . in particular the dessert toping was equally sweet.well collected from pinterest , following 8 dessert with cotton candy toping a really instagramable .1 . sponge cake with cotton candy ? why not ? 2 . drink soda plus colorful cotton candy , it could be an idea if you want to make a party .3 . can you imagine the cold ice cream combined with the sweetness of cotton candy ? delish double ! 4 . well if this one milkshake you 've found in many cafes .5 . s'mores , foods that come from america and canada can also dikreasikan with cotton candy . the more sweet ... 6 . wow different from usual , cupcakes with cotton candy topping is very instagrammable .7 . so that not get bored with bubble tea that just like that , try to add cotton candy like this .8 . this is not a cloud you know , but a cloud-shaped cake topped with colorful cotton candy . so cute ! * if there is a mistake word or writing please forgive
this man has been working at the construction site for more than 20 years . during those years , he had seen a lot , but what he noticed on one of the next construction sites , greatly surprised him.most recently , together with his team , he carried out major repairs of one of the old houses . and when they began to undermine the floor , they noticed a strange thing , in the middle , there was an old purse , which is somewhere around 70 years old.then the man decided to find the owner , for this he first opened the kochetok to see what is inside . where he found old coupons that dated to 44 years old , as well as photographs of a boy and a man with a woman.set a goal for himself , the man decided that he did not become , he will certainly find its owner . with the help of the emu archives , it was possible to find the former residents of the house , among whom was the owner of the wallet , who lost it at the age of 15 , now he is 85 . he was delighted that after all these years a part of his soul was found , which is an invaluable treasure and memory of parents .
ingredients : 1/2 cup ketchup , divided 1 egg 1/4 cup dry bread crumbs 1 teaspoon onion powder 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 2 teaspoons dill pickle relish 6 slices process american cheesedirections : in a bowl , combine 1/4 cup ketchup , egg , bread crumbs and onion powder . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . on a large piece of waxed paper , pat beef mixture into a 10x6-in . rectangle . spread remaining ketchup over meat to within 1/2 in . of long sides and 1-1/2 in . of short sides . top with mustard and relish . place four cheese slices on top ; set remaining cheese aside . roll up loaf , jelly-roll style , starting with a short side and pulling away waxed paper while rolling . seal seams and ends well . place loaf , seam side down , in a greased 11x7-in . baking pan . bake at 350 ° for 45 minutes or until meat is no longer pink and a thermometer reads 160 ° . cut the reserved cheese slices in half diagonally ; place on top of loaf . return to the oven for 5 minutes or until cheese is melted . let stand for 10 minutes before slicing.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 50 min .
global demand for gold fell seven per cent in the first quarter to its lowest in a decade as fears in china eased over the strength of the yuan and rangebound prices leading to a major decline in appetite for bullion as an investment . demand dropped to 973.5 tonnes in the three months to march 31 from the same period last year , the world gold council said on thursday . “ weaker investment demand was the main reason for the decline , ” the wgc said , which represents the world ’s largest gold miners . “ investors lacked a clear signal as gold prices held in a narrow range . ” the investment demand decline was led by a 66 per cent plunge in net inflows of global gold-backed exchange-traded funds to 32.4 tonnes , and a 26 per cent drop in china ’s gold bar and coin demand to 78 tonnes . the wgc noted that holdings in etfs in asia fell by 3.6 tonnes in the first quarter on the back of outflows from china . it was offset by a net inflow in north america where investors parked their money in gold-linked investments on the back of a weak us dollar and stock market pullbacks . global gold bar and coin demand fell 15 per cent year on year to 254.9 tonnes during the quarter , led by a 26 per cent tumble to 78 tonnes in china . “ this was largely because investors ’ [ earlier ] worries around the strength of the yuan , which saw them flock to gold to protect their wealth 12 months ago , have eased , ” the wgc said . “ since the end of march last year , the yuan has appreciated by around 9 per cent . ” india ’s bar and coin demand also fell 13 per cent to 27.9 tonnes , as the government ’s focus on unaccounted income continued to crimp investment demand . in terms of physical demand , global gold jewellery consumption fell one per cent year on year to 487.7 tonnes in the first quarter . a 12 per cent decline in india – the world ’s second largest market for gold jewellery – to 87.7 tonnes , was mostly offset by a seven per cent growth in the largest market china , to 187.8 tonnes . gold price traded at around us $ 1,309 an ounce in early asia trade on thursday . it has been on an uptrend since reaching a low of about us $ 1,134 in december 2016 , as the us federal reserve has stated and stuck to a gradual path of interest rate increases from very low levels . higher interest rates are negative to the price of gold which gives investors no interest income .
the days are getting shorter , the nights are getting longer , everything is getting colder , and christmas is very nearly here . with it , we have a valid excuse to over eat and stuff our faces like monsters . i think we can all agree one of the best things about christmas is the food , right ? well , since santa is gon na be breaking into our houses while we sleep and wolfing down our cookies in a few days , we figured we ’d put together a list of some festive looking cookies to inspire you this festive season . safe in the knowledge that santa will gorge himself on the food you worked hard to buy .1 . santa heartsthese cookies are adorable for two reasons : one , they have cute little santa faces on them . two , they ’re shaped like love hearts . awwwww .2 . presents!surely the only thing better than a pile of presents is a pile of presents you can eat ? 3 . reindeerwhy should santa get all the credit ? these biscuits would be perfect snacks for rudolph and the gang , but instead santa gorges himself while they wait in the cold . someone call animal rescue .4 . snowmanwhat ’s better after a long day of building snowmen in the cold , than coming inside and enjoying a lovely melted snowman on a biscuit ? it ’s topped with marshmallow too … delicious .5 . christmas treeand if decorating an entire christmas tree is too much for you , put your own touches on these tree shaped biscuits . you probably ca n’t admire them from inside your stomach though .
ingredients : 1 egg , lightly beaten 5 tablespoons ketchup , divided 2 tablespoons prepared mustard 1/2 cup dry bread crumbs 2 tablespoons onion soup mix 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1 pound ground beef 1/4 cup sugar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 2 tablespoons cider vinegardirections : in a large bowl , combine the egg , 2 tablespoons ketchup , mustard , bread crumbs , dry soup mix , salt and pepper . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . shape into an oval loaf . place in a shallow 1-qt . microwave-safe dish . cover and microwave on high for 10-12 minutes or until no pink remains and a thermometer reads 160 ° ; drain . meanwhile in a small bowl , combine the sugars , vinegar and remaining ketchup ; drizzle over meat loaf . cover and microwave on high for 2-3 minutes longer or until heated through . let stand for 10 minutes before slicing.note : this recipe was tested in a 1,100-watt microwave.nutritional facts : 4 ounce-weight : 375 calories , 13g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 94 mg cholesterol , 960 mg sodium , 38g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 1g fiber ) , 27g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 2-1/2 starch.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 15 min .
that 's not a bad idea , bub . ryan reynolds is revving all the fans up for deadpool 2 , but in an interview he rather startlingly said " i do n't think there 'll be a deadpool 3 " . never fear , he was n't waving goodbye to the merc with a mouth . instead , reynolds hinted at more of a group effort involving the x-force . he had one other cross-over film idea . " i 'd love to see a deadpool/logan movie , " he said " a wolviepool movie , if i may . that would be fun , but hugh jackman is apparently retired despite the fact that i 've been protesting almost hourly . " in the comics deadpool and wolverine have a healthy love/hate/mostly hate/but a lot of love relationship , so fans were enthused by reynolds ' suggestion . reynolds and jackman have actually already co-starred as wade wilson and logan on-screen in x-men origins , but that incarnation of deadpool was far removed from the version we 're familiar with now , with almost zero meta-jokes . image : 20th century foxfingers crossed ! or possibly adamantium claws ...
women can express feelings and do not hide emotions . but how do you understand if a man loves you ? 1 . he wants to spend time with youaccording to eli j. finkel , professor of psychology at the northwestern university of the united states ( usa ) , the desire to devote all free time to your relationship is a sign of strong feelings and a desire for closeness . and while both partners can be loaded with work , family care and other affairs , one who really loves will use any free minute to stay together .2 . he asks how your day has passedhe asks you every night about how your day passed , what was wrong and good happened ? love is not built on the sublime matter , but on mutual support in difficult moments and the desire to communicate with one another .3 . he trusts youa study by a psychologist , k. daniel o'leary , has shown that people in long romantic relationships constantly want to know where their partner is at that time . however , they feel this desire not because they constantly suspect their partner of treason . a man who does not like interrogation with passion , if you come home late and will not break your smartphone to read correspondence , love and care about you truly .4 . it helps youwith our daily workload , the very idea that we have to put together a couple of other things and responsibilities is horrifying . however , this is what signals the strong feelings . for example , if you do not understand the technique and your partner is perfectly technically savvy , then he will help you set up the internet and deal with a new smartphone or run into a pharmacy for medication , because the cold does not allow you to rise from your bed .
anyone who saw the pictures from colin the caterpillar 's 25th birthday will know that he 's something of a reckless drunk . shots , pints , kebabs . frankly , it is n't pretty . since that now-infamous night out , though , he 's kept things fairly quiet on the instagram front . he 's probably trying to keep his public profile professional . until now , anyway . prince harry recently had his stag do in the run-up to his royal wedding , and colin the caterpillar was one of several celebrities to receive an invite . clearly the prospect of re-igniting his social media following with some inside snaps from the big night was simply too much to resist ... it started with a big , traditional breakfast . then they were off to the races . after that it was back home to get ready . before they headed out again , there was time for cards . first stop was the pool table . then a spot of whisky tasting . things escalated quickly ... ... it was n't long before colin had taken things too far . finally , the morning after . oh , colin . when will you learn ?
the management of the social network twitter recommends users to change passwords to enter the network due to a found error in the password storage system . this is reported by the technical support of the service.the company was informed that they found an error , because of which the passwords were kept unencrypted . the error has been eliminated , and there are no signs of leakage , the service noted . " as a precaution , consider the possibility of changing your password in all services , where the password was used from twitter " , - stressed the social network.the passwords of how many users were available on the company 's internal computer network are not specified . in twitter , they added that they are working to ensure that this error does not happen again.the company explained that when setting a password on twitter , the social network uses technology that " masks it so that no one in the company can see it . " the error was that the passwords were written before the hashing process passed . " we are very sorry that this happened . we recognize and appreciate the trust you are giving us , and strive to earn this trust on a daily basis , " the blog says.according to reuters , passwords remained unprotected for several months .
hsbc holdings ’ us $ 2 billion stock buy-back plan , the only one planned in 2018 , failed to impress investors aftereurope ’s biggest bank delivered first-quarter financial results that were largely in line with expectations . the bank ’s shares tumbled in friday afternoon trading after earnings were announced , falling as much as 3.7 per cent to an intraday low of hk $ 74.85 . by close , they were down 3.5 per cent to hk $ 74.95 , the biggest one-day decline since february 2017 . pre-tax profit fell 4 per cent to $ 4.8 billion for the quarter ended march , due to a 13 per cent increase in operating expenses from investments in digitalisation and expansion , according to the bank , which was founded in british hong kong more than a century ago in 1865 . revenue increased 6 per cent to us $ 13.7 billion , driven by higher deposit margins , growth in retail banking , wealth management and commercial banking in asia . “ our primary focus is to grow the businesses safely , and we have increased investment to deliver that aim , ” chief executive john flint said in a statement . the bank ’s net interest income rose 2.6 per cent from a year ago to us $ 7.456 billion , with the net interest margin rising 4 basis points from last year , hsbc said . adjusted pre-tax profit fell 2.9 per cent to us $ 6.03 billion , matching a consensus estimate of us $ 6 billion , while the adjusted revenue was us $ 13.9 billion . the bank has proposed to pay a first interim dividend of us $ 0.10 per share . the bank has announced four buy-backs since 2016 , buying a combined us $ 5.5 billion of shares in the previous three occasions . hsbc said it ’s in “ active discussions ” with the us department of justice about solving civil claims based on the department ’s investigation of hsbc ’s legacy rmbs securitisation activities . the bank has put aside us $ 897 million for legal and regulatory settlements for the first quarter , with a caveat . “ there can be no assurances , however , as to how or when this matter will be resolved , or whether this matter will be resolved before the commencement of formal legal proceedings by the doj or whether the ultimate loss will exceed the provision , ” the bank said . still , the bank - the largest foreign bank operating in china - increased its investments on the mainland and in the uk in retail banking and wealth management . it also made what it called “ strategic hires ” in its onshore chinese securities venture , and invested to improve the digital capabilities in all global businesses . “ we continue to benefit from interest rate rises and economic growth , particularly in asia , ” flint said . he added that commercial banking had made “ notable progress ” in hong kong and the uk , while retail banking and wealth management made further headway in the uk mortgage market .
often referred to as glucomannan , the starchy south east asian organic konjac plant has been grown and used for centuries as a water-soluble weight loss weapon and superior source of soluble dietary fibre . highly absorbent and a proven tool to combat hunger pangs and mindless snacking , it is mother nature ’s answer to healthy slimming without any harmful side effects.besides its role in removing hunger and encouraging satiety , the high quantities of soluble fiber found in this incredible plant are proven to help reduce the risk of heart disease and steadily lower cholesterol levels . organic konjac also helps to slow the rate sugars from food are absorbed after meals making it ideal for diabetic diets.the konjac plant has many weight loss and health benefits : it binds to fat in the intestines , preventing some fat absorption . it slows digestion and the absorption of nutrients , resulting in a slow and steady release of glucose from any carbohydrates consumed . it soaks up excess bile acids found in the intestinal tract – the same acids that are converted into blood cholesterol . it dissolves fluids in the large intestine and forms a gel that binds with bile acids in the intestines . as a result , the liver converts more cholesterol to bile acids , and blood cholesterol levels are reduced . it delays stomach emptying , triggering satiety ( a feeling of fullness ) . but how do you incorporate the konjac plant into your diet ? well , you can buy spaghetti , noodles , tagliatelle and even rice made from the konjac plant . it ’s usually sold under the name shirataki spaghetti/rice/tagliatelle / noodles or zero spaghetti/rice/tagliatelle / noodles or even slim spaghetti/rice/tagliatelle / noodles . you only need to cook it for 2 minutes and it takes on any flavor of the sauce you cook it in . so it ’s even less time consuming than making regular pasta . so convenient for busy people !
whitcraft services approached their bmw gs adventure “ 001 ” build with the motor in mind first , and then started bolting things to the heart of the motorcycle . the motor came courtesy of a bmw r1150 “ oilhead ” 2004 twin spark edition , and features two spark plugs per head , which solved the surging issues of earlier models . this motor uses an r1150rt-police evo transmission with a lower first and sixth gear , and improved shifting and durability . to simplify maintenance and reliability , the fuel system was located externally with several modifications that improved performance and shaved off weight . the electrical system was completely redone , with 90 percent of the old wiring being removed and replaced . enough weight was removed — 160 pounds — that the suspension needed to be retuned , creating a weight balance between the front and rear that is exactly 50/50 . with so much being cut off of the bike , suspicions of whether it still qualifies as a bmw may arise . whitcraft went to great lengths to maintain the bmw vibe , keeping the blue torque spec marking paint on all torqued hardware , proper fenders , bright lights , and a properly set up gs suspension . they even held onto the removable windscreen .
hundreds of protesters traveled by bus from flint , michigan , to the state capitol in lansing on wednesday , april 11 , to demand action one day after the final four flint water distribution sites closed . at least one protester was arrested.gov . rick snyder announced friday the water distribution sites would close because the lead levels in city water continue to improve . flint residents , however , lined up for miles to obtain the final free bottles of water , and a protest organizer told local media people fear the water is still not safe.these videos from the protest show the residents chanting about nestle . nestle was recently approved to increase the volume of fresh water it currently pumps , while residents of flint claim their water is still unsafe . messages of anger were written on nestle water bottles by protesters , mlive reported prior to the group leaving from flint.four years ago city officials elected to switch the city ’s water source from lake huron to the flint river , which caused lead to leach into the city ’s water , sickening many residents . officials have been working to replace the city ’s water pipes over the last two years , when snyder first recognized the problem . a state aid package provided for the free water bottle distribution . credit : @kaitnicole97 via storyful
hundreds of students , faculty , and local residents gathered at istanbul university ’s cerrahpasa school of medicine on april 26 to protest a bill that would split-up the faculties of istanbul university.the bill , approved by parliament ’s education commission on wednesday , aims to transfer some istanbul university faculties to the new i̇bni sina university , hurriyet reported . the cerrahpasa school of medicine would be one of the faculties moved.according to left-wing news outlet birgün , vice-chancellor and professor at the cerrahpasa school of medicine , dr. bayram mert savrun , resigned from his post over the proposed division of the university . “ this project aims to destroy istanbul university . we will not accept the uprooting of the istanbul faculty of medicine or the cerrahpasa school of medicine , ” said professor pınar saip , head of istanbul medical chamber and a member of the istanbul faculty of medicine told hurriyet.the new law would also split ankara ’s gazi university , in addition to creating 20 new universities across the country . credit : hakan.hasancebi via storyful
police in louisville , kentucky , shot dead a suspect who had thrown knives at officers during a standoff in a house on north 42nd street in the early hours of april 26 . a police spokesperson told a press conference that police received calls for help on the night on april 25 after a man was reported smashing windows in the neighborhood . when two officers arrived on scene , the suspect was in a house setting a fire and threw a knife , striking one of the officers in the leg . the suspect was shot dead by the second officer after an ambulance was called.bodycam footage , released by louisville metro police department , shows the officers arrive as a man runs up to them shouting “ there ’s a burglar in my house . ” the first officer enters the house , which appears to be ransacked , before retreating in pain , saying “ he threw a knife at me . ” the second officer ’s bodycam footage shows him shooting the suspect from the doorway of the house after asking the suspect to show his hands.a police spokesperson said that the department welcomed the “ challenging and difficult conversations ” that being transparent and releasing footage of shootings can provoke and that a new course of deescalation training had been developed and would be implemented later in the year . credit : louisville metro police department via storyful
fire crews continued to battle a massive bushfire in southwest sydney on april 16 . video shared rural fire brigades on saturday shows the hellish conditions inside the fire that has so far consumed over 2,430 hectares of bushland.the bushfire , which started in casula on saturday afternoon , continues to burn northeast towards barden ridge . while the emergency alert was downgraded on monday morning , roads from lucas heights to holsworthy remained close with 250 firefighters still on scene to contain the blaze , the australian reported.nsw rural fire service said the fire had burnt over 2,430 hectares but the number of homes damaged and destroyed could not yet be determined . speaking with media , the rfs commissioner shane fitzsimmons said he could n’t “ believe homes were not lost in this fire ” and praised the efforts of firefighters and prepared residents , many of whom stayed behind to defend their homes.nsw police said they were treating the fire as suspicious and were continue to investigate . the state premier gladys berejiklian said “ the community would it absolutely unforgivable ” if the fire was deliberately lit.a video taken by ingleside rural fire brigade , who were on property protection duty saturday night , shows fire crews driving through the bushfires south of sandy point . credit : ingleside rural fire brigade via storyful
an african man , his pregnant wife and their two small children were forced by french national police to leave a train in menton , france , near the france-italy border on february 16 , witnesses said , after a verbal altercation and physical struggle.the man , who was holding a small child , told police officers the family had tickets and would not leave the train . he also said they did not intend to stay in france . “ everyone deserves a chance at a good life , ” he said . “ why are you stopping me from that ? am i a criminal ? we are not terrorists … . we are human beings looking for a good life . i do n’t want to stay in france , i do n’t want to live in france . ” one of the officers demanded the man give him his child , which the man refused to do , reports said.the photographers of this footage said the family was forcibly removed from the train and the wife of the man , who he said was pregnant , lost consciousness and was carried out onto the platform . credit : philemon stines , ulysse goldman , gaspard flamand via storyful
kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec49fa7bc0a31e28 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a084080a34106 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a1b9d8095ae7e " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a26f3c091b2a8 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a37054096af86 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a46ca8197f628 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a4baa00a60735 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4a4c3e80a32a3e " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " kate upton in black fur coat , out in new york city " }
sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4ff52100a5a6f6 " , " height " : 2445 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4ffccfc095e8bd " , " height " : 2470 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec4fff40c0978a29 " , " height " : 2307 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec50043140a2d877 " , " height " : 2437 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec50035cc0a2aac8 " , " height " : 2321 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec5003d1c094e779 " , " height " : 2473 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aec500404c0a5bc4a " , " height " : 2482 , " description " : " sofia vergara in casual blue jeans and shades , out in los angeles " }
prince harry and megan markle called for the wedding of 1,2 thousand commoners , but advised them to take food with them . this was reported by the guardian.unprivileged guests were selected from all corners of the uk by nine lord-governors . it is reported that the couple asked to choose " people from different backgrounds and different ages who demonstrated leadership qualities and served their counties . " the invitees will not be able to attend the wedding in the chapel of st. george in windsor castle , but they will be able to see how the coach visits the castle and leaves it . in the cover letter , the guests were warned that the ceremony would last about four hours , and they advised taking food and drinks with them , since they could not be bought on the spot.this decision caused sharp criticism of the invited . " if i faint , it 's not because of admiration , " the head of the charity organization from coventry , rashid bhayt , is ironic about the situation.nevertheless , according to the independent , a letter was later invited that said that food and drinks would still be available to non-residents , but their number would be limited.also , in addition to 600 relatives and friends of the royal family , 200 people from charitable organizations with whom a couple works , 610 people living and working in windsor castle , 530 inhabitants of crown lands and 100 pupils of the nearest schools , in which children of palace servants are taught , will be invited to the wedding and they prepare choristers for the chapel of st. george . whether they will be fed , it is not known.the wedding ceremony will be held on may 19 . for the sake of marriage , megan markle abandoned her acting career and plans to accept british citizenship .
hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house in beverly hills { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec59c23e41a35aac " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec59c54ac091fd8c " , " height " : 2200 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec58a83180926654 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec59409200a608c8 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec595af3829246f3 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec59604840a4ab8a " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec59756940a2c47a " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec59782e00971fca " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aec597a89409f1818 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " hilary duff in blue jeans , spotted while arriving at a friend house " }
since channing tatum and jenna dewan announced their split last month , they 've been coping in different ways . channing , for his part , is off hanging with former bachelor arie luyendyk jr. , but jenna , who talked to entertainment tonight while promoting her show world of dance , said that she 's doing " really good " after her breakup . she 's looking forward to spending mother 's day with her 4-year-old daughter everly . " i always want mother 's day to be , like , family . i want to do something together , i want to be with evie , i just have a really nice day and then the next day , i want to go to the spa , " she told et . " that 's what i want . i want the balance . i want the mommy time and then i want the me time . so that 's my plan . " a timeline of channing and jenna 's relationship she said that at everly 's age , the traditional " breakfast in bed " routine is n't really an option for gift-giving holidays . " i mean , that would be terrifying . no one wants evie cooking breakfast for anybody ever , " she said , but her daughter likes to hand paint mugs , so she has " a million " lying around her house . earlier this week , jenna made an appearance on the ellen show that got very awkward very quickly when ellen accidentally introduced her using channing 's last name . ellen felt so bad that she apologized for it on air . " i have to say , before we go to break , i ’m so sorry , " she said . " i introduced you and it was just such a habit , and i have to say the way that you and channing are handling everything is beautiful for your daughter and the statements have been great . and i apologize . i just have known both of you for so long , and i ’m so used to saying … " " i know , i know , " jenna said . " thank you . honestly , thank you and everybody for all the love and support . it ’s truly , so moving . it ’s all love ! "
the ever controversial kanye west has gone too far with his ridiculous claim that slavery was a " choice " in a tmz interview last week . his comments continue having a rippling effect in the industry and now detroit hip-hop radio station 105.1 the bounce decided to deny the rapper a platform by dropping him completely.according to the detroit metro times , the bounce removed all of west 's songs from their morning playlist.west 's recent comments about slavery was the last straw after 105.1 morning bounce host shay shay took offense with west 's prior claims about malcolm x and martin luther king jr. were " too far in the past and not relatable . " bigg &amp; shay shay from the morning bounce made their announcement about ditching the much disputed artist on behalf of the station on thursday 's facebook post.we feel like kanye has gone too far with his latest statement declaring that " slavery was a choice . " we are over it . we do n't want to hear kanye 's music , we do n't want to play kanye on our show , we do n't want to talk about kanye anymore . so we are taking a stand and we are n't playing his music anymore ; we just are refusing to give him a platform.tmz reporter van lathan criticized west 's comments on slavery and said that his support of right-wing rhetoric has " real-life , real-world consequence . " frankly i 'm disappointed , i 'm appalled and brother — i 'm unbelievably hurt by the fact that you have morphed into something , to me , that 's not real . bro , you got ta be responsible man … your voice is too big.shay shay expressed her concern on the air over the rapper 's unhinged behavior and abuse over his platform.as an educator , as someone who works with young kids … he has a huge platform , ok ? i just think that 's reckless . i think when you have such a huge platform like that , to use it in a reckless way , i mean , you 're basically saying history is irrelevant.perhaps kanye west might have a future on another platform .
shalom brothers and sisters . today is friday , may 4 , 2018 . today ’s bible verse : luke 11:9-13verse text : [ luke 11:9-13 kjv ] 9 and i say unto you , ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you . 10 for every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened . 11 if a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father , will he give him a stone ? or if [ he ask ] a fish , will he for a fish give him a serpent ? 12 or if he shall ask an egg , will he offer him a scorpion ? 13 if ye then , being evil , know how to give good gifts unto your children : how much more shall [ your ] heavenly father give the holy spirit to them that ask him?verse nine and ten tells us to not be weary in our prayer life . we need to remember that our father always answers our prayers and sometimes the answer is no . a no answer is when the request is not for the glory of our father , selfish , or something we really do not need . a no answer may even be followed up with something better than the request ; for example , you may ask for a car so that you may go to a homeless shelter to help and our father may say no but , instead , give you a van to be able to transport supplies needed for the operation of the homeless shelter.looking at verses eleven and twelve we should note that at the time jesus was with us bread was shaped into a round flat cake that resembled a stone . our father will never mock us by giving a stone instead of bread . we will not be given something that will destroy us or cause us great pain such as a serpent or scorpion.verse thirteen tells us that good fathers , even though they are flawed humans , give good things to their children and we should expect no less from our father in heaven.i hope this has been a blessing to you . may the rest of your day be blessed . shalom .
about 3 weeks ago , just before the delivery of baby true , photos and videos emerged showing khloe kardashian ’s nba player boyfriend tristan thompson getting intimate with other women . reportedly , khloe kardashian has been feeling like she ’s ‘ living in hell ’ amid her baby daddy cheating scandal.e ! was told by a close source that khloe has been feeling like ‘ she is living in her own personal hell ’ ever since she learnt about the cheating . the new mom is said to be taking it one day at a time with the nba star.according to the source , the new parents do n’t speak that much even though khloe is glad that tristan has been helping with their new baby , true thompson . the only thing that is keeping the reality star going is her little daughter and the support she gets from her family.from another insider source , it was learnt that khloe ’s family are really not happy with her child ’s father . they think he can not be trusted and also that khloe made a wrong decision with her choice . however , even though the original plan was for the new mom to go back to l.a. , she now plans to stay a bit more in cleveland.of everyone in the family , kourtney is said to be the one that khloe listens to most and confides in . kourtney has been advising her on co-parenting with tristan and has urged khloe to ‘ start the chapter over with true ’ . so far , none in the family has been speaking to thompson , the source added.drop your comments below .
in the weeks leading up to the royal wedding , there have been several rumors about who would play the key role of meghan markle 's maid of honor . jessica mulroney , the bride 's good friend from toronto , who has also been serving as an " unofficial " wedding planner , is the name that came up the most frequently , but markle 's childhood friend lindsay roth was also floated as well , especially given that markle served as her maid of honor back in august of 2016 . however , today it was confirmed by kensington palace that markle will not have a maid of honor . rather , all of her bridal attendants will be children . the palace did not release names of the bridesmaids and pageboys yet , though they have confirmed that both prince george and princess charlotte will have roles in the wedding . while mulroney will not be markle 's maid of honor , it is rumored her daughter ivy could still be part of the wedding.having young bridesmaids and page boys is a royal tradition , but it 's one that might be unfamiliar to those . " most royal brides do not have adult bridesmaids , " royals expert marlene koenig told t &amp; c back in december . " if you look at the royal weddings since [ queen ] elizabeth 's , you will find that most of the bridesmaids are early teens or children . " but markle reportedly has another reason for filling her bridal party with youngsters . a source told royal correspondent victoria murphy that , " [ meghan ] has a very close knit group of friends and did not want to choose one over the other . " meghan has decided not to have a maid ofhonour at the #royalwedding . a source said : “ she has a very close knit group of friends and did not want to choose one over the other . ” — victoria murphy ( @queenvicmirror ) may 4 , 2018
ingredients : 1 large egg , lightly beaten 1 can ( 5 ounces ) evaporated milk 1 cup quick-cooking oats 1/2 cup finely chopped onion 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon chili powder 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1-1/2 pounds ground beef sauce : 1 cup ketchup 3/4 cup packed brown sugar 1/4 cup chopped onion 1/2 teaspoon liquid smoke , optional 1/4 teaspoon garlic powderdirections : in a large bowl , combine the first eight ingredients . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . shape into 1-in . balls . place meatballs on a greased rack in a shallow baking pan . bake , uncovered , at 350 ° for 18-20 minutes or until meat is no longer pink ; drain . meanwhile , combine the sauce ingredients in a saucepan . bring to a boil . reduce heat and simmer for 2 minutes , stirring frequently . pour over meatballs . bake 10-12 minutes longer.nutritional facts : 8 each : 474 calories , 18g fat ( 7g saturated fat ) , 119 mg cholesterol , 973 mg sodium , 51g carbohydrate ( 35g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 28g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 30 min .
ingredients : 2 teaspoons active dry yeast 1 cup warm water ( 110 ° to 115 ° ) 2-3/4 cups bread flour 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons olive oil , divided 1 tablespoon sugar 1-1/2 teaspoons salt , divided 1/2 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts , cut into 1/2-inch pieces 1 small onion , halved and thinly sliced 1/2 each small green , sweet red and yellow peppers , julienned 1/2 cup sliced fresh mushrooms 3 tablespoons prepared pesto 1-1/2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese 1/4 teaspoon pepperdirections : in a large bowl , dissolve yeast in warm water . beat in 1 cup flour , 1 tablespoon oil , sugar and 1 teaspoon salt . add the remaining flour ; beat until combined . turn onto a lightly floured surface ; knead until smooth and elastic , about 6-8 minutes . place in a bowl coated with cooking spray , turning once to coat top . cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled , about 1 hour . in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat , cook the chicken , onion , peppers and mushrooms in remaining oil until chicken is no longer pink and vegetables are tender . remove from the heat ; set aside . punch dough down ; roll into a 15-in . circle . transfer to a 14-in . pizza pan . build up edges slightly . spread with pesto . top with chicken mixture and cheese . sprinkle with pepper and remaining salt . bake at 400 ° for 18-20 minutes or until crust and cheese are lightly browned . freeze option : securely wrap and freeze unbaked pizza . to use , unwrap pizza ; bake as directed , increasing time as necessary.nutritional facts : 1 slice : 293 calories , 10g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 30 mg cholesterol , 601 mg sodium , 35g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 18g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2 starch , 1 lean meat , 1 fat.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 35 min . + rising bake : 20 min .
ingredients : 1/2 cup bourbon or reduced-sodium chicken broth 1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar 3 tablespoons white vinegar 3 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce 2 garlic cloves , minced 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1/2 teaspoon chili powder 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/8 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice 1 pork tenderloin ( 1 pound ) , cut into 12 slicesdirections : in a small saucepan , combine the bourbon , brown sugar , vinegar , soy sauce , garlic and pepper . bring to a boil ; cook until liquid is reduced to about 1/2 cup , stirring occasionally . meanwhile , combine the chili powder , cinnamon , salt and allspice ; rub over pork slices . in a large skillet coated with cooking spray , cook pork over medium heat for 2-4 minutes on each side or until tender . serve with sauce.nutritional facts : 3 ounce-weight : 221 calories , 4g fat ( 1g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 581 mg sodium , 15g carbohydrate ( 13g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 23g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1 starch.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 25 min .
kensington palace shared a great many new details about the royal wedding this morning , including that meghan markle 's dad will walk her down the aisle , and she wo n't have a bridesmaid . but another little detail was also revealed during the royal reporters ' press briefing : markle and prince harry wo n't immediately be going on a honeymoon . instead , they 'll delay it another week to accommodate a work engagement.work remains a huge focus for both markle and harry , and the second half of their year “ is going to be incredibly busy , ” omid scobie reported a palace aide saying at the briefing . the two have already done 10 + events together since announcing their engagement in november , so get excited for all the activism ( and great outfits ) to come.the couple wo n’t immediately go on honeymoon . instead they ’ll attend an engagement the week after the wedding and then go away . work is clearly a huge focus for the couple and the second half of their year “ is going to be incredibly busy . ” ca n’t wait ! — omid scobie ( @scobie ) may 4 , 2018 #harryandmeghan will not honeymoon straight away and will carry out their first public engagement as a married couple just a few days after the #royal wedding — rebecca english ( @re_dailymail ) may 4 , 2018 the exact honeymoon location has n't been disclosed yet ( in part for security reasons ) , but a source confirmed to travel &amp; leisure that the two will be going to namibia . the luxury hoanib valley camp is considered to be one likely option , and a rep for the camp declined people 's request for comment on whether the new royal couple will be there .
sometimes , due to the poor network connectivity in our part of the world , it becomes very difficult to search for stuff online . this , coupled with our low storage and ram in our devices makes it even worse . it is always the desire of internet based services to reach the needs of their customers wherever they are and to provide solutions that meet their desired needs ; google has been in that business for long . that is why they have introduced google go . what is google go ? this app which has already been launched in 16 african countries including ghana is a lightweight search app aimed at emerging markets . this is to help perform successful google searches in the midst of our unstable data coverage and all other issues that make browsing difficult . google go is meant to solve issues we often face in emerging markets like ghana : weak data connectivity , high data costs and low ram and storage space on entry-level devices . it uses less than 5mb of storage on android smartphones . google go uses the latest version of the company ’s compression algorithm , which it said consumes up to 40 % less than to display search results . search results are also cached on the device so users can quickly re-access previous searches , even when they ’re offline , without incurring further data costs . at the point when there ’s no internet access , google go retries f for out of sight failed searches and tells you when the outcomes are prepared . site pages load immediately , even in data-saving mode or on 2g connections . voice search has been improved to work better on slow connections , too . with google go , you can … type less , discover more . spare time by tapping your way through drifting inquiries and topics , or by utilizing your voice to state what you ’re searching for . everything you need in one app . effectively and rapidly get to your most loved applications and sites , and additionally pictures , recordings and data on the things you think about – all from google go . do n’t miss out on what ’s popular and trending . get access to the latest trending topics just by tapping search and join the conversation.find the perfect greetings to share with loved ones . tap on “ images ” or “ gifs ” to find the best photos and animated greetings to liven up your chats . easily switch between languages . set a second language to switch your search results to or from at any time . on the off chance that you would prefer not to get to any google servicess , google go additionally has alternate ways of well known sites , including facebook , instagram , and twitter . indeed , these alternate routes take you to the sites straightforwardly from the google go application or open the outsider applications on the off chance that they ’re introduced on your cell phone . you can likewise replace these shortcuts with your most loved sites , much the same as you can change the homepage items in chrome browser . also , the app lists categories such as example , social , entertainment , sports , news , and shopping ; every one of which has diverse sites . whatever it is that you are looking for on the internet , google go makes it fast and easy for you to find with just a few searches and taps ! it ’s that simple . do n’t let your poor internet and expensive data services prevent you from making searches online . getting left out is not an option at all . you can experience the goodness of the app for yourself by downloading google go on your android device from google play right now . it will come pre-installed on all android oreo ( go edition ) devices , like the nokia 1 . it is available for devices running android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) and above . views : 4
when we say " nürburgring , " we 're referring to one specific track — the nordschleife , or " northern loop " in english . tons of enthusiasts know the nordschleife , but do you know there was once a southern loop?the nürburgring sudschleife was opened in 1927 and closed in the 1970s , just after major improvements were made to the nordschleife . at 4.7-miles long , the sudschleife was much shorter than its more famous northern sibling , but it was arguably a scarier circuit . the nord and sudchleifes were also occasionally connected for a fearsome 17-mile lap . improvements made to the nürburgring nordschleife in the early 1970s lead to decreasing use of the sudschleife , and construction of the modern grand prix course in the early 1980s put an end to racing on the south loop . but you can still drive some of it.henry catchpole of carfection did just that in the perfect car , the new 911 gt3 rs . the tricky downhill section of the südschleife is now a public road , which leads to an access road to the gp circuit . catchpole found the access road closed off to cars , but you can walk it , imagining all the racers that once tore through.everyone who goes to the nürburgring will tell you the roads around the circuit are great . one especially so .
ingredients : 1 loaf ( 1 pound ) frozen bread dough , thawed 1 pound johnsonville ® ground mild italian sausage 2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese 1/2 pound sliced fresh mushrooms 1 small onion , chopped 2 teaspoons olive oil 1 can ( 28 ounces ) diced tomatoes , drained 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon fennel seed , crushed 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheesedirections : press dough onto the bottom and up the sides of a greased 13x9-in . baking dish . in a large skillet , cook sausage over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain . sprinkle over dough . top with mozzarella cheese . in a large skillet , saute mushrooms and onion in oil until onion is tender . stir in the tomatoes , oregano , salt , fennel seed and garlic powder . spoon over mozzarella cheese . sprinkle with parmesan cheese . bake at 350 ° for 25-35 minutes or until crust is golden brown.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 516 calories , 23g fat ( 9g saturated fat ) , 58 mg cholesterol , 1423 mg sodium , 47g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 6g fiber ) , 29g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 30 min .
david sokol 's notes from the 2018 ivey ben graham value investing conference in canada from april 2018 . more coverage here . also check out our sohn conference notes right here . we will also be adding much more extensive coverage of the event in coming days for premium readers in particular . also baupost letter klarman on bitcoin the danger of chinese leverage discipline while value investing in bubby times value investing is not dead radicalization of politics dangerous faang valuations [ timeless ] q1 hedge fund letters , conference , scoops etc ( inaudible ) . and with that i ’d like to ask ( inaudible ) to give us his insights into the global container shipping industry ( inaudible ) . [ applause ] 00:45 you may be wondering how container shipping fits into this ( inaudible ) conference . it fits perfectly for ( inaudible ) . what i ’d like to do is spend a bit of time ( inaudible ) . i got involved with this company because of another company i ’m involved with that ’s a major shareholder , that ’s the washington group . as you can probably ( inaudible ) the fact the container shipping industry is rapidly evolving to something quite similar to fedex and ups . historically , goods were moved around the world , often greek ship owners , ( inaudible ) would have enough of a requirement to move ...
for many people a wedding is a pretty big deal : they spend months looking for the best venue , unique attire , decorations , music , preparing the guest list , and so much more ... what if our friends from the animal kingdom would like to experience this special day too ? 1 . where ’s the groom ? i ’m tired of waiting ! 2 . we ’re ready to pose as long as needed to get those wedding ’ likes ’ on instagram ! 3 . why so serious ? it ’s the happiest day ever ! 4 . we ’ve eaten too much food ... i ca n’t dance anymore ! 5 . we may not be the same , but who cares ?! 6 . why are you laughing ? i take my wedding seriously ! 7 . i caught the bouquet , i ’m next ! 8 . we went to the same hairdresser .9 . i ’ve chosen a boho-style wedding .10 . on the most stressful day of my life , a good massage is just what i needed ! 11 . darling , why did we invite all these people ? 12 . i ’m a champion in garter catching .13 . it ’s a marriage of convenience .14 . i was nervous and had a bit too much champagne .15 . we love being the focus of everyone ’s attention ! 16 . ready to hit the dance floor ! 17 . i hate posh wedding dresses and veils18 . bought a designer tuxedo just for the event .19 . who ’s the most handsome groom of the year ? 20 . my wife drives me crrrrazy ! 21 . please , no more dancing ! 22 . the happiest day of our lives ... 23 . look into my eyes and tell me we ’ll never be apart ! 24 . now that we have eight kids , we ’re finally ready to get married ! 25 . are you ready for my wedding extravaganza ? 26 . do you like my designer dress ? 27 . they never told us that smiling all day long would be so hard ! 28 . what do you mean , “ the musicians are n’t coming ” ? are n’t they adorable ? which of these animal wedding photos did you like the most ? please tell us in the comments below .
ingredients : 2 eggs , lightly beaten 1/4 cup ketchup 3/4 cup dry bread crumbs 2 tablespoons dried parsley flakes 2 tablespoons worcestershire sauce 1 teaspoon onion powder 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1 teaspoon pepper 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon chili powder 2 pounds ground beef 1 pound ground pork additional ingredients ( for each batch ) : 1 envelope brown gravy mix 1/2 cup sour cream dash each nutmeg and pepper hot cooked noodlesdirections : in a large bowl , combine the first 10 ingredients . crumble meat over mixture and mix well . shape into 1-in . balls ( about 6 dozen ) . place meatballs on greased racks in shallow baking pans . bake at 400 ° for 20 minutes or until a thermometer reads 160 ° . in a large skillet , prepare gravy mix according to package directions . add half of the meatballs ; cover and cook for 10 minutes or until heated through . remove from the heat ; stir in the sour cream , nutmeg and pepper . serve with noodles . freeze option : cool half of the meatballs ; place in a freezer container . may be frozen for up to 3 months . completely thaw in the refrigerator . proceed as directed , increasing cooking time as needed to thoroughly heat the meatballs.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 20 min .
ingredients : 1 pound fully cooked smoked sausage rope , cut into 1/2-inch slices 1 medium onion , chopped 1 medium green pepper , cut into 1-inch chunks 1 can ( 14-1/2 ounces ) diced tomatoes , undrained 1/2 cup beef broth 1 tablespoon brown sugar 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1 can ( 20 ounces ) unsweetened pineapple chunks 2 tablespoons cornstarch hot cooked ricedirections : in a large skillet , cook the sausage , onion and green pepper until the vegetables are tender . add the tomatoes , broth , brown sugar , garlic powder and pepper . drain pineapple , reserving juice . stir pineapple into sausage mixture . bring to a boil ; cook , uncovered , for 5 minutes . combine cornstarch and reserved pineapple juice until smooth ; gradually add to sausage mixture . bring to a boil ; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened . serve with rice.nutritional facts : 1 cup : 332 calories , 20g fat ( 9g saturated fat ) , 51 mg cholesterol , 1021 mg sodium , 25g carbohydrate ( 18g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 12g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
bitcoin prices reached $ 9,786 friday , may 4 , as momentum continues to build for a challenge to resistance around $ 10,000 . data from cointelegraph ’s price index and market visualization tool coin360 revealed two attempts to retake the significant boundary friday , both of which almost touched $ 9,800 before correcting downwards.at press time , btc/usd was hovering around $ 9,730 , up around 5.6 percent in the past 24 hours , and almost 50 percent since the start of april.coin360this week has produced continued upside throughout the market , the news marked by a sudden announcement from goldman sachs that it has chosen to offer clients bitcoin trading products.beginning with futures trading , these are due to start “ within weeks , ” an executive in charge of the project told the new york times , with buying and selling likely to appear later.reacting to the plans , cryptocurrency industry figures appeared buoyant , entrepreneur alistair milne drawing comparisons to heightened market sentiment in december 2017 as the first regulated bitcoin futures launched in the us.away from bitcoin , ethereum also produced significant gains this week . the world ’s largest altcoin by market cap reached a multi-month high , climbing over $ 800 today for the first time since march 6 . eth value &amp; volumeinvestors have welcomed updates from ethereum co-founder vitalik buterin , who earlier in the week released a proof of concept update for the network ’s capacity expansion using so-called sharding.eth / usd was up over 10 percent in the past 24 hours , trading around $ 798 to press time . the coin ’s monthly gains have surpassed a whopping 110 percent.elsewhere in altcoins , ripple ( xrp ) is up almost 7 percent on the day , while bitcoin cash ( bch ) posted only modest gains of about 2 percent in the same period .
ingredients : 2 pounds jones no sugar pork sausage roll sausage 2 cups shredded cheddar cheese , divided 1 can ( 10-3/4 ounces ) condensed cream of chicken soup , undiluted 1 cup ( 8 ounces ) sour cream 1 carton ( 8 ounces ) french onion dip 1 cup chopped onion 1/4 cup chopped green pepper 1/4 cup chopped sweet red pepper 1/8 teaspoon pepper 1 package ( 30 ounces ) frozen shredded hash brown potatoes , thaweddirections : in a large skillet , cook sausage over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain on paper towels . in a large bowl , combine 1-3/4 cups cheese and the next seven ingredients ; fold in potatoes . spread half into a greased shallow 3-qt . baking dish . top with sausage and remaining potato mixture . sprinkle with remaining cheese . cover and bake at 350 ° for 45 minutes . uncover ; bake 10 minutes longer or until heated through.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 382 calories , 27g fat ( 14g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 776 mg sodium , 20g carbohydrate ( 4g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 13g protein.makes : 10-12 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 55 min .
you might recall that earlier this week , meghan markle 's brother thomas markle jr. , wrote a very strongly worded letter to prince harry urging him to call of the wedding . in it , he claimed that meghan had put her father in debt and she had n't invited any family members to the wedding . what you need to know about meghan markle 's family well , jokes on you , dude , because kensington palace just released more details about the royal wedding and meghan 's father is definitely on the list of attendees , along with her mom . " both of the bride 's parents will have important roles in the wedding , " the statement said . " on the morning of the wedding , ms. ragland will travel with ms. markle by car to windsor castle . mr. markle will walk his daughter down the aisle of st george 's chapel . ms. markle is delighted to have her parents by her side on this important and happy occasion . " so not only are meghan and her father on good enough terms for him to get invited , but he 'll walk her down the aisle . this contradicts previous reports that meghan 's mother would be the one to have that honor . 16 things to know about meghan markle 's parents meghan 's mom and dad will arrive in the uk during the week of the wedding , which will give them time to spend time with prince harry 's family ( including the queen ) , kensington palace said . they 'll also meet philip , charles , camilla , kate , will , the whole crew . hear that , thomas jr. ? they 're all gon na be hanging out without you , thanks to a little thing called karma .
ingredients : 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1 can ( 14-1/2 ounces ) diced tomatoes , undrained 2 teaspoons greek seasoning 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic 1/4 teaspoon pepper 2 cups fresh baby spinach 1 can ( 2-1/4 ounces ) sliced ripe olives , drained 1 package ( 4-1/2 ounces ) taco shells 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese 1/4 cup chopped red oniondirections : in a large skillet , cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain . stir in the tomatoes , greek seasoning , garlic and pepper . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer for 8-10 minutes or until thickened . add spinach and olives ; cook and stir for 2-3 minutes or until spinach is wilted . meanwhile , place taco shells on an ungreased baking sheet . bake at 300 ° for 3-5 minutes or until heated through . spoon about 1/4 cup beef mixture into each shell . top with feta cheese and onion.note : for a substitute for 1 tablespoon greek seasoning use 1/2 teaspoon each dried oregano , dried marjoram , garlic powder , lemon-pepper seasoning , ground mustard and salt . omit the salt if recipes calls for salt.nutritional facts : 1 1 taco ( prepared with lean ground beef and reduced-fat feta cheese ) : 130 calories , 6g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 20 mg cholesterol , 386 mg sodium , 9g carbohydrate ( 1g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 9g protein . diabetic exchanges : 1 lean meat , 1 fat , 1/2 starch.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep/total time : 30 min .
over the past week , ronnie magro has publicly fought and broken up with his baby mama jen harley , apologized for his disgusting behavior , and had a jersey shore : family vacation episode air where he basically confirmed he is still in love with his ex , sammi sweetheart . now , people reports , ronnie is not still hung up on sammi and that it was just the show 's editing that made it seem that way . “ he ’s not in love with sam anymore , ” a source close to rahn tells the mag . “ it was a fun topic for the season . i mean , did you not laugh at the sam doll ? editing just got him every time he spoke about her . ” the source also confirms ron is insistent he 's not a bad guy ( again — editing ! ) : “ he ’s getting labeled as this bad guy when he really is n’t . he ’s stressed and does n’t want people to look at him in a bad light . ” also , " he just wants to do his best for the baby . " lol k. his ex jen harley posted the first picture of their bb on instagram earlier this week , saying she loves little ariana " more than anything " and not mentioning ronnie once . stay tuned for next week 's episode , in which pauly and vinny uncover a sammi shrine in rahn 's sneaker-filled closet , which will totally , 100 % be just for " closure " or some shit . staaaaay tuned .
ingredients : 1-1/2 pounds uncooked penne pasta 1 pound ground mild italian sausage 1 pound sliced fresh mushrooms 1 large onion , chopped 3 tablespoons olive oil 6 garlic cloves , minced 1 tablespoon dried oregano 1-1/2 cups dry red wine or beef broth , divided 2 cans ( 14-1/2 ounces each ) stewed tomatoes , cut up 1 can ( 15 ounces ) tomato sauce 1 cup beef broth 4 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese 4 cups shredded fontina cheese minced fresh parsley , optionaldirections : cook pasta according to package directions . meanwhile , in a dutch oven , cook sausage over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain and set aside . in the same dutch oven , saute mushrooms and onion in oil until tender . add garlic and oregano ; cook 1 minute longer . stir in 1 cup wine . bring to a boil ; cook until liquid is reduced by half . stir in the tomatoes , tomato sauce , broth , sausage and remaining wine . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; cover and simmer for 15 minutes . drain pasta . spread 1/2 cup sauce in each of two greased 13x9-in . baking dishes . divide half of the pasta between the dishes ; layer each with 2-1/2 cups sauce and 1 cup each of the cheeses . repeat layers . cover and bake at 350 ° for 25 minutes . uncover ; bake 5-10 minutes longer or until bubbly and cheese is melted . sprinkle with parsley if desired.nutritional facts : 1-1/4 cups : 460 calories , 21g fat ( 10g saturated fat ) , 59 mg cholesterol , 756 mg sodium , 41g carbohydrate ( 7g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 24g protein.makes : 16 servingstotal time : prep : 50 min . bake : 30 min .
hyped music merch is nothing new . in fact , it became such a huge thing over the past couple of years that you 'd be forgiven for feeling a little burnt out on the idea of shelling out $ 55 for a screen-printed graphic on an obviously cheap blank t-shirt . which is why it 's particularly exciting that none other than nike teamed up with kendrick lamar and top dawg entertainment to create some genuinely good merch for the new championship tour , which kicks off today in vancouver . courtesy the collection is split into two parts , the first of which is the tde tour capsule . it includes a long-sleeve tee ( $ 55 ) , a hoodie ( $ 85 ) , and a hat ( $ 35 ) . it 'll be available through tde and at six pop-up locations on the tour . the second is the cortez kenny capsule , which will also drop at six pop-up locations . the lineup offers the same items as the tde version — a hat , hoodie , and long-sleeve tee — just with different graphics , obviously . one in-house favorite ? that " damn " / swoosh mashup . it just looks right.but the real star of the show for sneaker fans is the cortez kenny iii , which will be unlocking via the snkrs app during the tour . if you 're attending , keep an eye out for anything — an image , or a graphic , or a code — that looks like it might be your ticket to grabbing the shoes for yourself . enjoy the show . courtesy
while tinder can feel like a whole lot of meaningless swiping and embarrassing pickup lines , every once in a while someone stands out from the sea of matches and takes a risk . the latest tinder hero to save us all from reading another monotonous " hey " is reddit user bostelj . instead of asking a match " what 's up ? " or making boring pleasantries , the user launched right into an interactive story . and though it ended in a virtual slap , it 's very fun to read . to shake the digital conversation up a bit , bostelj first asked the lucky match to pick one of three doors . the chosen door led to a mysterious/semi-creepy lighthouse . after more choices were made , the tinder player wound up adventuring through a trap door onto a beach , where a note in a bottle was recovered . turns out , the " note " gave the following choices ways to continue communicating outside of tinder : a. snapchat b. # c. both smooth move . verrrrrrrrry smooth move . here 's how the whole thing went down so you can experience the excitement for yourself . fun , right ? and the interactive story was all made up in real time , according to bostelj . ( very impressive . ) " i was doing three other things at the same time lol . had the idea of doing something more creative than the generic pick up line and was getting bored of tinder in general , " bostelj said in a reddit comment . " i just made sure i could come up with something for each letter and went along with the flow . " tinder users , it appears it 's time to step up your games .
mohammad khalil was filming with his phone during protests in gaza on march 30 and captured the moment that gunfire hit him in the legs , knocking him to the ground.khalil is an avid soccer player and says that he ’s worried his injuries will mean he may never play again.his video showed the damage to his left knee as he lay on the ground . khalil told storyful that the bullet struck both of his legs , causing damage to both knees , a report corroborated by a local journalist.at least 17 people were killed as israeli security forces responded to the protests that day . some 1,400 people were injured.khalil was one of the tens of thousands of protesters who took part in a series of mass demonstrations along the border fence between gaza and israel as part of the palestinian land day commemorations . the day marks the anniversary of the 1976 shooting dead of six palestinian citizens of israel during a demonstration.many protesters threw stones across the fence and set fire to tires , throwing black smoke into the air . the israel defense forces reported that gunmen fired at security forces from inside gaza during the protests . credit : storyful news via storyful
a student occupation of the pierre mendès-france center of the pantheon-sorbonne university , in paris , was cleared in the early hours of friday , april 20 , as security forces raided the building.according to france24 , nearly 100 protesters were removed from the center , known locally as tolbiac , by force . a student cited by france24 said they tried to make a human chain to protect each other , and that police then pulled and kicked them . reports circulated on social media saying a student had been seriously injured and was in a coma as a result of the raid . police , however , denied the claims , but noted that a young man was treated in hospital for an elbow injury.georges haddad , president of the university , said he was relieved the occupation , which began on march 26 , was over and that no one was injured . he decried the damage left in the occupation ’s wake , however , and said hundreds of thousands of euro of public money would now have to be spent on the clean-up . macron ’s reforms would enable public universities to rank and accept applicants based on their academic merit . credit : anonymous via storyful
after a two-day search , marine biologists on saturday , april 14 , located a gray whale moving through puget sound that had been spotted the day before entangled in fishing gear . due to an unusual turn of events , however , it was lost again.the noaa ’s fisheries division is now seeking the help of boaters , whale watchers or others in finding the whale , who is not believed to a regular visitor to the area , so its health and condition can be assessed , according to the seattle times.scientists with sealife response , rehab , research ( sr3 ) and the cascadia research collective ( crc ) worked together to track the whale . sr3 ’s doug sandilands , who shared this footage with storyful , and said the stainless steel “ grapple ” thrown at the start of the video was used to grab onto the entangling gear , allowing them to turn off the engine of their inflatable boat and be dragged along behind the whale , as the footage shows . they then used an underwater camera to assess how the whale was entangled.the scientists eventually found the whale on saturday evening , after being hindered by bad weather the day before , and attached a satellite-tracking device and a buoy to it , the seattle times reported . as the sun went down , the rescue effort was suspended and those involved assumed the tracking device would allow them to track the whale the next day to continue untangling the whale from the fishing gear . however , the signals from the device stopped overnight and were later picked up from a location on land , the report said . a yacht owner later told scientists he saw the whale swim under his boat , leading them to believe the tracking device became dislodged as the whale rubbed against the boat , according to the seattle times . credit : sr3 and crc via storyful
the international committee of the red cross ( icrc ) said on april 3 that yemen ’s food chain , health service , water and sewer systems were all collapsing as the conflict , which began on march 19 , 2015 , entered a fourth year.the icrc said that it hoped that government leaders who were gathering in geneva that day for a pledging conference for yemen would be generous , though asked donating nations to tie their support to “ clear conditions of respect of the laws of war . ”“ we know that there are important weapons transfers , this is normal in a conflict , " icrc ’s director of operations for the middle east robert mardinim said , " but those transfers of weapons should come together with very clear conditions that civilians should be protected , hospitals should not be targeted . put simply , there should not be support without compliance with international humanitarian law . ” speaking at geneva , un secretary general antonio guterres asked both sides to work toward a political solution , reuters reported . guterres also told reporters that more than $ 2 billion had been pledged toward the un ’s humanitarian efforts . credit : icrc via storyful
a team of researchers from singapore ’s nanyang technological university ( nut ) have developed a pair of robotic arms capable of tackling one of the hardest tasks known to man . assembling ikea furniture.this video shows the two robotic arms get to grips with an ikea stefan chair as part of a study published on april 18 in the journal science robotics . the robots were able to autonomously construct the chair in 20 minutes using the pressure sensors , 3d cameras and the industrial gripper arms . “ dexterous manipulation is … [ a ] marker of human intelligence . yet , demonstrationsof autonomous manipulation have been so far restricted to elementary tasks , ” said the research team led by professor quang-cuong pham in a statement released by nut . “ a main reason is that complex manipulation tasks in human environments require mastering multiple skills — from visual and tactile localization to motion planning , force control , and bimanual coordination — and managing their complex interactions . ” the research team said the study opened the possibility for robots to work autonomously in new fields in manufacturing or logistics where traditional robotic assembly lines are not viable . credit : nanyang technological university singapore via storyful
we can all admit that sometimes our cupboards get bare and we do n’t want to go grocery shopping , so we look to see what we have to make and we just start throwing things together and seeing if it tastes good . mashing up different foods is definitely a trend now , as companies are creating these food mashups that make us question what they were thinking ! check out 20 of the craziest food mashups that have ever been created.buffalo crunch donuttim horton ’s tried this out at the 2014 new york state fair , as it is a pull-apart donut that is topped with crushed-up chips . you can dip that into some buffalo sauce in the middle and you get a little bit of everything in one snack.hot dog eclairwe love eclairs and we love hot dogs , but we ca n’t imagine the two of them together . we would rather stick with the cream in the middle and not replace it with a hot dog.ramen burgerwe would guess the person behind this had no buns at their house , so they just decided that ramen noodles would work as a bun . however , this burger was created by keizo shimamoto , a brooklyn ramen chef , so no random mashups here.mac ‘ n cheese big daddy patty meltdenny ’s tried this on their menu back in 2011 . it is a burger topped with creamy mac and cheese and then more cheese on top of that . add in a side of fries and you ’re looking at 1690 calories and 99 grams of fat on one plate!chocolate fried chickenthis one is extra odd to us , as we love fried chicken and we love chocolate , but we ca n’t imagine the two of them together . we ’re not too sure how this would taste , especially with that bbq sauce.pig turduckenwe want to meet the person that mashed this together — chicken wrapped in duck that is wrapped in turkey that is wrapped in pig ! could they get any more meat in there?funnel cake burgerthey ran out of buns at your local fair , so they decided to make some smaller funnel cakes and use those as the buns . we ’re guessing this does n’t taste too great , as the sweet bun would n’t mix well with the contents.spam donutswe fully support donuts and think they are a necessary food to have , but we ’d rather have a raspberry or lemon filled donut and not a spam filled one ! not many people enjoy spam to begin with and this makes it even less appealing.spicy tuna corn dogthis is an easy way to eat sushi at the local carnival . as weird as it looks and sounds , we are intrigued by this one and would definitely try it out.krispy kreme ice cream sandwichas if donuts do n’t have enough fat in them , why not throw some ice cream and chocolate chips in between two of them ! that is a lot of sugar on one plate .
minecraft ‘ s developers announced the next update is coming to older consoles — and that it ’ll be the last one available on those machines . the details : minecraft ‘ s next update , aquatic , is coming to the versions of the game available on ps3 , ps vita , xbox 360 , and wii u ( as well as the ps4 , though that one will still receive updates ) . the developers stated they were cutting off last-gen consoles because most of their audience does n’t use them any longer : although we ’d love to keep bringing new content to all our players forever , the older generation of consoles now make up less than 5 percent of our active players … this marks another milestone in the twilight years of these last-gen consoles — though i still maintain the vita has a lot of life left if sony bothers to keep it around . but wait , there ’s more : the developers specified the new versions of the game available on xbox one and nintendo switch would be available with aquatic included — and urged those who were still using the old versions to upgrade , which both of them can do for free . this means you ’ll need the game on one of those consoles , pc , mobile , or ps4 in order to have the most up-to-date version of minecraft . regardless , if you do have one of these legacy consoles and minecraft , update aquatic will probably keep you occupied for a while , as it adds new underwater action and animals . h/t eurogamer the next web ’s 2018 conference is almost here , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
facebook is leaving no stone unturned to compete against different social media platforms . the company has recently announced the launch of dating service on facebook in the event f8 2018 . the time is almost here when facebook users will be able to use dating service on its platform . apart from the unveiling of dating service , facebook has announced new features such as cross-platform stories sharing and a clear history tool on the very first day of f8 2018 . the company has also unveiled some new additions to the features of messenger , whatsapp , and instagram . this new dating service feature is definitely going to give a neck to neck competition to different dating apps like okcupid and tinder . “ this is going to be for building real , long-term relationships , not just hook-ups ” , said mark zuckerberg , facebook chief about this new dating service . according to facebook in the united states , around 33 percent of all the marriages happen due to online meetings and more than 200 million users on facebook have stated themselves as ‘ single ’ in their facebook bio . this can be a great opportunity for facebook to act as a cupid between two people . facebook has revealed more information about dating service in a blog post which states that “ however , what people do within the dating feature will not be shown to their friends . we ’ll share more information when this begins testing later this year ” . any activity which user does on the dating profile will be a private affair . none of your facebook friends will know about your activities on the dating profile . this dating service will be available on just click on the “ heart icon ” present on the top right corner of the window . users can update a dating profile , check groups and nearby events on this platform . the release date of the dating service is not revealed by facebook yet .
the top software sales for april 2018 have been revealed god of war for the playstation 4 raked in the most software sales for the month of april . though it released on the 20th , it still managed its way to top of the month ’s charts . no surprise , considering it ’s the fastest-selling ps4 game of all time . here are the software numbers for april , according to gfk . recently revealed , god of war sold 3.1 million copies globally in three days . the game developed by sony santa monica shifted faster than horizon : zero dawn , uncharted 4 , or any ps4 exclusive . in less than a week , sony received about as much revenue as horizon and monster hunter world received in a month . it ’s no wonder then that far cry 5 finally fell to no. 2 on the charts . far cry 5 reaching no. 2 on april ’s charts is nothing to scoff at , however . ubisoft ’s released the fifth installment at the end of march , and the sales only fell by 36 % this month . sea of thieves , on the other hand , fell by two spots , overtaken by the resurgence by mario kart 8 deluxe and playerunknowns battlegrounds . again , there ’s no accounting for the players experiencing sea of thieves through xbox game pass . sega ’s yakuza 6 : the song of life debuted at no. 24 on the uk charts . though it does n’t seem like a strong start , it did debut with a 35 % sales increase over predecessor yakuza 0 . furthermore , it debuted better than the nintendo labo variety kit , which hit no. 26 on the charts . the robot kit , meanwhile , did n’t even manage the top 50 . you can view the top 10 software titles below . rank title publisher 1 god of war – new sony 2 far cry 5 ubisoft 3 fifa 18 ea 4 mario kart 8 deluxe nintendo 5 playerunknown ’s battlegrounds microsoft 6 sea of thieves microsoft 7 grand theft auto v rockstar 8 fallout 4 bethesda 9 super mario odyssey nintendo 10 call of duty : wwii activision source the post god of war tops the april charts ; nintendo labo falls low appeared first on cogconnected .
swire properties said retail sales at the shopping malls under its management gained in the first three months of the year , as increasing tourist arrivals spilled over to higher shopping bills . first-quarter retail sales jumped by 25.9 per cent at the mall at pacific place in admiralty , rising 11.7 per cent at the citygate outlets in tung chung , the company said in a press release . at taikoo shing ’s cityplaza shopping centre , which caters more to local residents instead of tourists , sales grew 7.7 per cent , swire said . all three malls were fully occupied by retail tenants during the period . “ we have seen an encouraging improvement in overall domestic consumption and tourism spending , reflected in the continued sales growth in our malls in key segments such as f &amp; b , lifestyle and luxury fashion , watches and jewellery , ” according to a swire spokesperson , quoted in the press release . hong kong ’s retail sales jumped by 11.4 per cent in march , the biggest monthly increment since june 2013 , as mainland chinese tourists returned to the city . swire , which builds offices and manages shopping centres in hong kong and mainland china , also reported strong performance in its office rental business . rental reservation at pacific place - including lease renewals , new leases and rental reviews - rose 21 per cent during the first quarter . reservations increased 10 per cent in cityplaza , and rose 1 per cent in taikoo place . one taikoo place , a grade a office building in quarry bay , has been 80 per cent leased out by global firms including facebook , baker mckenzie and ernst &amp; young , even before it ’s fully completed .
a eight-year-old boy in southwest china , who took his mother ’s purse and went off gallivanting at her expense , was only found 10 hours later when he was caught trying to withdraw money , a news site has reported . on wednesday , the day after labour day public holiday , the young boy decided he did not want to go back to school . he slipped away from his home in shima town in chongqing municipality at breakfast time while his mother was in the toilet , taking 120 yuan ( us $ 18.89 ) in cash and a bank card , qq.com reported . his parents searched the streets of dazu county , an area famous for its rock carvings , before they reported him missing at the local police station . surveillance cameras had captured footage of the boy running into the town but apart from one possible sighing they heard nothing more until 4 pm , when wang received a call from chongqing rural commercial bank to say a child with her bank card had attempted to withdraw money from the atm , but it had been swallowed after he entered the wrong pin too many times . it turned out that the boy had spent the money on buying snacks at the supermarket and food from kfc . with the final 15 yuan he bought popcorn at the cinema , but , after discovering there was not enough cash to buy a ticket , he attempted to withdraw more money . his mother said she was relieved that there had not been more than 120 yuan in her purse because otherwise her son might never have been found . “ he definitely went out to play ! ” , wang added , saying that although they took their son out over the public holiday , he clearly he had not had enough . the case echoes a recent one in australia , where a 12-year-old boy from sydney stole his parents ’ credit card and tricked his grandmother into giving him his passport after a family argument . the boy managed to book a flight to bali and travelled there alone before checking into a hotel on the indonesian holiday island .
hong kong lawmakers split down party lines on friday over whether to boot democrat lawmaker ted hui chi-fung from the chamber for his phone-snatching antics , as the pro-establishment camp kick-started its attempt to do just that . the motion , raised by new people ’s party chairwoman regina ip lau suk-yee , was discussed in the legislative council ’s house committee . it stemmed from an incident last week when hui snatched a female civil servant ’s phone , and dashed into the men ’s toilet . the woman was trying to marshal lawmakers into a meeting to discuss a government bill , but hui felt it was wrong for the government to send civil servants to monitor lawmakers ’ whereabouts . hui later apologised to the woman and the public . “ such acts that defy laws and clash with government officials are unacceptable , even for ordinary citizens , let alone lawmakers who bear higher expectation from the public , ” ip said , illustrating the need to censure hui over his “ misconduct ” . the motion was echoed by her allies in the pro-establishment camp , some of whom criticised the pan-democrats for standing by hui . “ the incident is apolitical . it is merely about hui ’s personal ethnics … if you also believe this is wrong , why do you uphold a double standard ? ” said wong kwok-kin , of the federation of trade unions . the pro-democracy camp , opposing the motion , made it clear they found hui ’s actions unacceptable . but they said kicking him out would be a disproportionate response . the civic party ’s alvin yeung ngok-kiu said the party had already condemned hui . “ i hope the pro-establishment camp could reflect on whether each of you can be regarded as an ‘ honourable ’ lawmaker , ” yeung said . “ we should leave it for the voters to decide [ if hui is fit to be lawmaker ] . ” yeung ’s party colleague , kwok ka-ki , recalled the behaviour of pro-beijing lawmaker holden chow ho-ding , who was accused of working with former chief executive leung chun-ying to revise the scope of a legco investigation into the payment leung received from australian firm ugl . kwok suggested it was the pro-establishment camp that was shielding a colleague with integrity issues , and who was “ the shame of legco ” . wu chi-wai , the chairman of the democratic party that suspended hui , added : “ hui has already openly apologised to the public … that showed his abilities of self-reflection . ” responding to the debate , hui , who is still under police investigation , admitted he was wrong and said he would accept any decision made by legco . however , he repeatedly urged the government to stop monitoring the whereabouts of lawmakers . the debate on friday was the first step to kick hui out of legco , to be followed by ip raising the motion officially at a full council meeting on may 23 . if , as expected , the motion passes , that will trigger an investigation , after which the motion would be put to a vote . if two-thirds of lawmakers support the motion , hui would be booted out of legco . there are 42 pro-establishment lawmakers , which is almost two-thirds of the council , meaning they would only need the backing of a handful of other legislators to have hui removed . but given the split between the rivals camps , there was little chance of that . on thursday , hui wrote to privacy commissioner stephen wong kai-yi asking for clarification on its stance on the government practice of monitoring lawmakers . in response , wong said in a statement that monitoring does not constitute unfair or unlawful collection of personal data .
after months of dealing with not only wedding planning but also intense media scrutiny , prince harry and meghan markle will have earned their honeymoon . but today , kensington palace announced that the happy couple wo n't be jetting out of town immediately following their big day . rather , they are delaying their trip to get back to work . meghan and harry will attend an engagement in the week following their wedding , and then they 'll head off to an undisclosed location . “ the couple will be going on honeymoon , but not straightaway , ” kensington palace spokesman jason knauf said , according to people “ they will have their first engagement as a married couple in the week after the wedding . ” that schedule is in keeping with what markle said earlier this year about wanting to " hit the ground running , " once she officially becomes a member of the royal family . their plan is also similar to when prince william and duchess kate went on their honeymoon . according to royal commentator victoria arbiter , " william and kate left for their honeymoon in the seychelles 10 days after their wedding . before that the couple were in anglesey as william was working at his raf search and rescue base . " william and kate left for their honeymoon in the seychelles 10 days after their wedding . before that the couple were in anglesey as william was working at his raf search and rescue base . — victoria arbiter ( @victoriaarbiter ) may 4 , 2018 thus far , it has not been confirmed where prince harry and markle plan to honeymoon , though travel + leisure reported that the couple plans to visit namibia.kensington palace has yet to comment on that news .
gymnastics , massages and special exercises will help to turn the face of beautyit is very effective to eliminate chin and gymnastics . it includes simple but very effective exercises : 1 . make vigorous chin movements , lifting your head up from your chest . throw your head back with sharp movements .2 . the tip of the tongue rests in the upper palate , and then lowered the tongue accordingly , so that it rests in the lower teeth . movements must be performed fairly quickly and alternately .3 . at the hands attached to the lock , put your chin and force on it , press on it , then we do the opposite movement - we try to press our hands with our hands on our chin.chin skin always requires special compresses . therefore , it is necessary to apply on the skin every day a chin to any cream and tie , so that the cream is carefully taken , with the help of elastic bandage . follow these procedures every night for thirty minutes ( no less , but more and more - it all depends on your wishes ) . after such a compress should be washed in a special solution . this solution is made of vodka with the addition of lemon juice and ordinary food salt . everything is thoroughly mixed to full solubility . also , the fluidity of the skin will help eliminate another compress of boiled potatoes with yeast dough .
the arms race between america and russia , which was mentioned during a telephone conversation between presidents donald trump and vladimir putin , has already begun.an ex-head of the nato military liaison mission in moscow , harry tabach , told interviewer , the arms race has already begun . trump is a person pragmatic , so all that he says comes true later.the american military reminded that trump had increased the military budget , and not least because of russia 's weaponry . " our budget has grown , and when putin says that he will have this kind of weapon , and the budget for the armed forces of the russian federation has fallen , and the economy has become worse , it 's nonsense , it does not happen . if he does it , russia very quickly ruin , and she is now and so in a very bad situation , " - said tabakh . in his opinion , the american president wants to give russia a chance to get out of this situation by inviting putin to a meeting at the white house.it seems to me that trump said , " listen , i will be like king solomon - i will give you a way out of this corner , to which you have thrown yourself . you understand that the strategic isolation of russia began , which is very dangerous , and moreover , the cold war began and the iron curtain falls - but this time the west is isolating itself from russia , from the soviet union , " says the us officer.at the same time , tabakh believes that the russian president understands that he is in danger , " so he decided to obey tram 's advice and meet with him . " as obozrevatel reported earlier , the russian authorities are increasing their readiness to use nuclear weapons - moscow is upgrading its nuclear arsenal , and the barrier for its use is decreasing .
a small group of teens , accompanied by several adult mentors and a police escort , began a 50-mile march from mississippi to memphis , tennessee , on march 31 to honor dr. martin luther king jr. and mark the 50th anniversary of his assassination.from the group ’s gofundme page : “ from march 31 to april 4 , 2018 , a mixed group of black and white teens will be marching 50 miles from deep in mississippi to the national civil rights museum – the site of the lorraine motel where dr. martin luther king , jr. was assassinated on april 4 , 1968 . this march will be commemorating 50 years since dr. king ’s passing – and will be continuing his work of racial justice , economic justice , and racial reconciliation . this march is sponsored by the pearson foundation of pearl , mississippi . pearson is a faith-based mentoring and community service organization modeling reconciliation and healthy racial relations . ” in these videos the teens say what dr. king means to them as they walk along us-61 in northern mississippi . credit : march to memphis via storyful
the only condition to be followed is to drink two glasses of water before eating and do not drink within two hours of it.its essence is extremely simple . before each meal , you should drink 2 glasses of clean water . exactly 2 , no less . and after 15-20 minutes you can calm down to the meal . next , the following rule applies - in the course of food and within 2 hours after it you are strictly forbidden to drink any liquid . when the two hours pass , you can safely drink a cup of favorite tea or coffee , but without bites buns and cakes.what should a daily menu be?breakfast : drink 2 cups of water . we are having breakfast with what our soul desires , while we do not drink food , and do not drink for 2 hours after.lunch : drink 2 cups of water and have lunch without any restrictions on the menu . at the same time , we do not drink food , and after dinner , do not drink for 2 hours.supper : drink 1 cup of water . if you want , drink 2 and dine without gastronomic restrictions . do not drink food or drink for 2 hours after .
hawaii ’s kilauea volcano erupted yesterday , forcing the evacuations of thousands of people on the big island as entire neighborhoods were threatened by lava.authorities have been warning residents of the possibility of an eruption for several days now , as the island has been experiencing hundreds of earthquakes over the past week . in particular , hawaii suffered a magnitude 5.0 earthquake on thursday morning that likely triggered the lava flows hours later.those lava flows emerged in the neighborhoods of leilani estates and lanipuna gardens , where around a thousand residents live . fortunately , mandatory evacuation notices combined with warnings from government officials over the previous few days meant that everybody was evacuated safely with no injuries . this is hardly the first volcano evacuation hawaii has experienced , and the robust warning system in place ensures that everyone could get out safely . the government issued a state of emergency and called in the hawaii national guard to help with the evacuations.eruptions have stopped for now , but there ’s a chance another eruption could happen in the area over the next day or two . it will be a while before things settle down enough for hawaiian residents to relax .
play as baranor in a new region it ’s been a while since their last expansion , and developer monolith has implemented a number of changes since the launch of middle : earth : shadow of war . the newest revealed deals with a new story dlc : desolation of mordor , in which players shall take control gondor captain baranor . like the previous dlc , blade of galadriel , shadow of war will receive a new playable area , character , and skin . in this particular expansion , players must recruit mercenaries in a mission to combat mordor threat in the east . complete with a new desert region , it falls on the player to organize a riff-raff group into a crack force that can lay siege to the marauder fortress of shindrâm . since players no longer take on the role of talion , the orc thralls , it seems , have been replaced by a different breed of warrior . find it all in the desolation of mordor expansion , available in the season pass . a summation of dlc content , provided in a warner bros press release , is available for your perusal below . expansion pass content full expansion pass – includes desolation of mordor story expansion ( avail . may 8 ) , blade of galadriel story expansion ( avail . now ) , slaughter tribe nemesis expansion ( avail . now ) and outlaw tribe nemesis expansion ( avail . now ) – $ 39.99 ( * expansion pass also incl . as part of gold edition for $ 99.99 ) story expansion pass – includes desolation of mordor story expansion and blade of galadriel story expansion – $ 24.99 desolation of mordor story expansion – available à la carte – $ 19.99 blade of galadriel story expansion – available à la carte – $ 14.99 slaughter tribe nemesis expansion – available à la carte – $ 14.99 outlaw tribe nemesis expansion – available à la carte – $ 14.99 middle-earth : shadow of war is available now for the xbox one family of consoles , playstation 4 , windows 10 , steam , and is not planned for the nintendo switch . the desolation of mordor expansion will arrive on may 8th . keep it locked for additional updates and more reveals leading up to e3 2018 . source : press release .
jbs usa has announced that it is recalling over 35,000 pounds of raw ground beef after the u.s. department of agriculture discovered it may be contaminated with pieces of hard plastic.the problem was discovered after a consumer recently found bits of blue , hard plastic in one of the company ’s products and reported it to the government agency . however , jbs usa had already shipped items from the same facility to virginia and indiana where they would then be further distributed to retail locations across the country . the affected products include ground beef , angus beef , lean beef , ground sirloin , ground beef angus chunk , and ground beef angus sirloin varieties sold at kroger , all natural laura ’s , jbs , and private selection . the products included in the recall have an establishment number of “ est. 34176 ” inside the usda mark of inspection . you can find the full description of the recalled products by visiting the united states department of agriculture ’s website . while there have been no confirmed reports of adverse reactions from consuming the affected product , the usda urges consumers not to eat the contaminated meat and to contact their healthcare providers immediately if they are concerned about illness or injury . if you have purchased a product included in this recall , you should throw it out or return it to the place of purchase immediately . if you have any questions , you can contact cheri schneider , director of external communications at jbs by calling (970) 506-7717 .
montreal : north korea has asked the international civil aviation organization ( icao ) for permission to open an air corridor to south korea , the un agency said friday.the proposal to establish a new " air traffic services " corridor between pyongyang and the south korean city of incheon , near seoul , was submitted to the icao 's regional offices in bangkok , thailand in february , the agency said in an email to afp.the icao , which is headquartered in montreal , said it conveyed the proposal to south korea 's civil aviation authorities , " indicating ( the ) icao 's willingness to facilitate and support further discussions . " " the request is presently under their consideration , " it added.next week , an icao delegation led by pacific regional director arun mishra and director of air navigation bureau stephen creamer will travel to north korea to further discuss the proposal , along with " other air navigation and safety matters . " a recent meeting between north korea 's leader kim jong un and south korean president moon jae-in signalled a spectacular detente after months of tensions over pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs , and has fed hopes of a historic turning point in the region.a summit between us president donald trump and kim jong un is also set to take place in the coming weeks , after decades of hostility between pyongyang and washington .
for facial skin it is very beneficial to wash the fresh milk , which is diluted in half with hot water ( so that the milk turned out to be warm , like steam ) . needless to rush , wash your face several times , so the skin will absorb all the most useful . then , with a cotton disc , soak the skin and apply a nourishing cream until the skin is still moist . milk soothes the skin , makes it tender , velvety , and the face color is uniform.from morning bags under the eyes help cotton wool wheels , moistened with milk and applied for centuries for 10-15 minutes , and from the bruises and dark circles under the eyes , regularly apply cottage cheese wrapped in gauze.an excellent remedy for skin rejuvenation and toning - cosmetic ice made from milk with water in a proportion of 1 to 1 . a cube of ice every morning rub your face , and in just a week the skin will look more elastic and fresh.the use of dairy products for hands and bodya great tool for moisturizing the skin of your hands is to grease the hands of sour cream at night and put on gloves.a bath of warm milk with the addition of honey will help the skin of the hands become gentle , well-groomed , get rid of cracks and dryness , and at the same time and will strengthen the nails.want to make your body elastic and get rid of cellulite ? try an unusual scrub . mix coffee with cream ( or sour cream ) , and add some honey . already in the composition of the scrub you can feel how much your skin will take.apply massaging movements on the body , leave for a few minutes and sleep without a shower gel . milk and honey will perfectly moisturize and saturate the skin with beneficial substances , and caffeine will accelerate the metabolism , which helps in fighting cellulite . as a result , the skin becomes elastic , smooth and moisturized.from time to time , take and milk baths . add at least 500 g of water . milk and half a cup of honey ( but the more - the better ! ) . and relax for 30-40 minutes ) . .
civilians living in the ruins of syria ’s raqqa have reported widespread devastation and a lack of support from authorities more than six months after islamic state ( is ) fighters were expelled from the city by the us-backed syrian democratic forces.in this video from pro-opposition media , an unnamed resident describes returning to the city shortly after it was recaptured from is . the video shows scenes of widespread destruction , and piles of rubble in the streets . “ we ca n’t move . we ca n’t open our shops or work because of the destruction , ” the man says , according to a translation from baladi news . “ no one came to check or even see . no one compensated us . whatever we fixed was at our own expense . ” an april 1 un mission reported that tens of thousands of people had returned to the city , but were “ returning to nothing . ” a report on the un team ’s visit described the destruction as exceeding “ anything they had seen before ” with “ hardly a single building intact . ” the world food programme ( wfp ) on april 6 reported that some 100,000 people had returned to the city and that the wfp was providing food assistance for about 30,000 people . credit : baladi news via storyful
a mere six months after their glamorous wedding , teen wolf star colton haynes and his ( now ex - ) husband jeff leatham have reportedly broken up . per tmz , the " marriage has gone kaput , " for reasons as yet unknown . giphy a brief history of their also-brief relationship : justjared notes that haynes and leatham , a " celebrity florist , " confirmed they were dating in february 2017 . they had apparently been set up years prior , but could n't make their schedules work — only to reconnect at an airport , where both were flying back to la from paris fashion week . per an oral history , no really , in people magazine : leatham : i was standing in line [ at the airport ] at 7 a.m. with my assistant and i saw this actor guy standing there in his sunglasses . i said to my assistant , “ those celebrities . they have to wear sunglasses at 7 a.m. ? they need to get over themselves . ” not knowing that it was colton ! so he gets rushed by vip service through the airport . but then i ’m coming out of the lounge of air france and i say to my assistant “ oh my god ! that ’s colton haynes ! that ’s the guy that i was supposed to meet and date a couple of years ago ! ” so i ran up behind him and kind of hit him.haynes : he physically assaulted me ! [ laughs . ] leatham : i hit him in the back with my louis vuitton bag and he turned around and i said , “ hey , colton . ” and he said , “ oh , hey jeff . ” and we actually fell in love.everything about this love story is perfect but especially the part where leatham namedrops the designer of his luggage . anyway , a month later and the couple were engaged , because love is love – oh , and cher made a cameo appearance during leatham 's proposal extravaganza . and in october 2017 , the pair were married at an a-list heavy wedding officiated by none other than kris jenner . ( kris is having a tough week , y' all . ) here 's video of the ceremony haynes later shared on youtube , and it 's teary ! it remains to be seen how long this footage remains live though , as both tmz and us weekly note haynes has wiped most mentions of leatham from his instagram page ( both have apparently also unfollowed each other on the social platform ) . oh , and people says haynes has also dropped the word " husband " from his insta profile.neither party has yet to make an official statement on their split . unless you consider counting the acoustic track titled " man it sucks " which haynes just premiered yesterday , hmm ? after all , the song 's opening line : " man it sucks when someone figures out your games , and do n't wan na play them no more . " 16 very short celebrity marriages
sydney trains used videos shared on snapchat to identify a group of teenagers who filmed themselves playing “ chicken ” with oncoming trains.the transport authority released video of two separate incidents on their rail network on may 3 . the first were videos posted by teenagers on snapchat , showing one of them using a lock pick to break into the guard ’s cabin on a train and hang out of an open door , narrowly avoiding a collision with an oncoming train and tunnel walls.the second video , taken in april showed other passengers almost being flattened by a train near petersham , in the city ’s inner west . 9 news reported the group were trying to break into the rear crew cabin and were forced to dodge the oncoming express service.a sydney trains spokesperson told storyful the people in the snapchat videos have been identified and penalties for the offence could include fines of up to $ 5,500 . “ these actions are extremely dangerous , stupid and are traumatic for our customers , drivers , guards and station staff , ” they said . “ these incidents can cause significant delay and disruption to services . for example , the near miss at petersham delayed 65 trains and caused two cancellations . ” credit : sydney trains via storyful
this dashcam video shows the moment two members of the public tackled a man , said to have been carrying a hunting knife , as he was fleeing police on a bicycle in central cardiff , wales , on april 15 . the footage , captured by andy brown as he was stopped at a red light on castle street , first shows police vehicles passing brown ’s vehicle , moving in the opposite direction . moments later , a cyclist appears in front of brown ’s car and is immediately shoved off the bike by a pedestrian in a blue jacket.the cyclist gets to his feet and tries to run away but is then chased by two other members of the public . a fourth man tackles the cyclist a second time , making him fall to the ground again . the cyclist is then surrounded – by the two men who chased him and the second man who tackled him – and a police vehicle rushes in , and the cyclist is arrested.according to wales online , the cyclist , named as 20-year-old muaz tarafdar , appeared at cardiff magistrates ’ court on monday , april 16 , and pleaded guilty to possession of a knife in a public place . he was sentenced to six months in prison and ordered to pay a £ 115 surcharge , the report said . credit : andy brown via storyful
a pizza hut driver was shot at after leaving what she described as a " prank ” delivery call to an address in magnolia , texas , on tuesday , april 3 , according to the montgomery county sheriff ’s office.the sheriff ’s office released this dashcam footage from the delivery driver ’s vehicle on wednesday and appealed to the public for information on the incident , which was being treated as an attempted robbery.the driver attempted to deliver a pizza to an address at the 29500 block of tanglewood street . police said the driver told them that a person at that address “ answered the front door by remote from another location and stated he did not order pizza , ” and also told her to get off his property . the driver then left and turned down highland boulevard , where she found her route blocked by another vehicle.the dashcam video shows what police described as a dark-colored chevrolet tahoe blocking the road . two people are seen stepping out of the passenger side of that vehicle , one of whom moves towards the delivery driver ’s car . the driver told police she saw a handgun in one of their hands , and heard one gunshot as she started to reverse . police say they recovered a shell casing from the scene.the sheriff ’s office said three people were in the tahoe , and that the two people who stepped out were wearing masks . that the vehicle ’s license plate “ appeared to be covered with a piece of clothing , ” the sheriff ’s office said . credit : montgomery county sheriff ’s office via storyful
just yesterday , shawn mendes and khalid released the lyric video for their new song , " youth . " the track will be featured on shawn 's self-titled third studio album , set to drop on may 25 . in an interview with zane lowe , shawn revealed that he was in london , around the time of the terrorist attack at london bridge , when he was inspired to write the song with khalid . " i said when we get together , we have to make a statement . we have to move . we have to write about what ’s going on in life and how the youth is feeling because i think we have the voice to do that . " #youth “ i said when we get together , we have to make a statement . we have to move . we have to write about what ’s going on in life and how the youth is feeling because i think we have the voice to do that ” @shawnmendes pic.twitter.com/r3mf2f0lpm— zane lowe ( @zanelowe ) may 3 , 2018 shortly after " youth " came out , march for our lives activist david hogg showed his support and tweeted the lyrics . “ pain no i wo n’t let it turn into hate , no i wo n’t let it change me , you cant take my youth away . ” -@thegreatkhalid @shawnmendes the young people will win — david hogg ( @davidhogg111 ) may 3 , 2018 if you listen to the song in its entirety , shawn and khalid 's message is very clear . despite the headlines and the devastating news the world receives on a daily basis , we have the power to keep going and create change . there are several ways you can support march for our lives and help end gun violence , but now you can show your love for shawn 's music while also making a difference . in a recent twitter post , shawn announced a portion of the proceeds from his " youth " hoodies ( which you can see , below ) will be donated to march for our lives . the two hoodies and the rest of his new merch can be found on his ~ official ~ website , so if you 're into his new minimal vibe , definitely check it out . #youth hoodie + album collection available now . will be donating a portion of all youth collection sales to @amarch4ourlives https://t.co/kez4llanb4 pic.twitter.com/fvs2spyxou— shawn mendes ( @shawnmendes ) may 4 , 2018
i respect politicians who refuse to pander , even though many of them lose , badly , and end up at the kennedy school . i even rather respect any politician who panders well ; as an old pol of my acquaintance once put it , “ sooner or later , in every political career , there comes a time when you have to pet the pig . ” but i do not respect any politician who so disrespects his craft that he panders badly.come on down , willard romney . “ my favorite meat is hot dog , by the way . that is my favorite meat , ” he told a gathering of supporters as they joined him recently for a casual dinner organized by his campaign . “ my second favorite meat is hamburger . and , everyone says , oh , do n’t you prefer steak ? it ’s like , i know steaks are great , but i like hot dog best , and i like hamburger next best . ”“ i like hot dog best . ”” i love lamp . ” this answer is as full of crap as , well , the average hot dog is . jesus christ on a kaiser roll , what a dweeb . respond to this post on the esquire politics facebook page here .
actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la { " width " : 1197 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca6f7d300a31ab0 " , " height " : 1732 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca6f7df00a72fb5 " , " height " : 1807 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca6f96280a51e02 " , " height " : 1879 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca703a140a6aa9d " , " height " : 1767 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca703cd40953b50 " , " height " : 1803 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca7040e8096e5ef " , " height " : 1790 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca7043a0094c0e4 " , " height " : 1905 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1229 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca7042dc09fdcc2 " , " height " : 1687 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } { " width " : 1442 , " web_uri " : " 005aeca704c3c0a3cf60 " , " height " : 1999 , " description " : " actress elizabeth olsen in black spandex , out in la " } in los angeles
the pentagon has come out to accuse china of using military-grade laser dazzlers on american pilots stationed on djibouti . 2018/05/04 camp lemonnier , djibouti — the u.s. has filed a formal complaint with china after pilots in africa were targeted by unauthorized chinese laser activity.the washington post reports that the u.s. military 's camp lemonnier base is located in djibouti , just a few miles from china 's first overseas naval base , which was opened last year.according to pentagon spokeswoman dana white , two pilots on a c-130 cargo plane were beamed with high-powered lasers while landing at the u.s. base , resulting in minor eye injuries.similar incidents had also been reported in recent weeks . citing intelligence sources , ihs jane 's defence weekly reports that the chinese navy is suspected of using the laser weapons at their base or on a ship offshore.reports from american pilots indicated that the lasers were of military grade , and originated from the chinese base on at least three occasions.the u.s. has also requested an investigation on the incidents , though beijing has yet to respond.chinese military observers did tell the south china morning post it 's possible the lasers were being used to scare off birds or spy drones , and may not have been targeting the pilots at all.right .
decorating the house with flowers or trees - or what 's new ! it 's been long ago ! the truth is , the concept just changed . before planting trees without flowers , except for flowers , or to keep small trees without trees , flowers , etc. now you can keep one piece green on the table . and if you find a closer relation with nature in a seasoned urban life , then you can play it again . · the place to keep the corner of any house is a suitable place . when the house is small , you can make trees on the wall and make trees there . make some books , showpieces around . this is where your house will be.to make the bathroom more enjoyable , decorate it with flowers , including flowers . how ? you can place trees on a piece of wood or stone on one corner . again you can decorate the wall with the ' wall planner ' . or keep a couple of tubs in the bathroom.never came to the head , the kitchen could also decorate the floral dresses . enough of the wall below the window is enough . there may be small tub or narrow mouth bottle of manipult or flower tree . you can hang on a small wall of white paint on the wall and stand there.if there is a place near the door of the house or house , place some indoor plants . if you want , you can arrange some large stones and different tubes of different types of beautiful entrance mouths.if there is a lack of space in the house , hanging trees from the roof ceiling will not be bad . hanging the window of the window , some greasy trees , will be quite · only one tree can change the appearance of a second sitting room . maybe it 's big or small . just keep one corner of the house . but it is necessary to reach the light and the wind , but it is important . · have pets in the house ? then there 's room for him too . you can also plant trees there . when your little petty hides behind you or you are asleep , your mind will be filled . · decorate the trees around the wall , do not take extra space . there will be no tub or flower beds , but there will be one piece of green in the house . have you ever seen this way?wrap the trees or trimmed grass with soil on the more convenient walls and put them in the landscape .
biting your nails is a common nervous fixation — but as one man in the u.k. found out , it can quickly become more than just a bad habit . luke hanoman , a father of two , developed sepsis and nearly died all because of a small cut on one of his fingers caused by biting his nails , reports the sun . “ i used to bite my nails all the time . it was nervous thing , ” the 28-year-old told the british newspaper . " and one day i bit the skin down the side of my nail . it hurt a bit but i did n’t think anything of it . " later that week , he developed some scary symptoms . he could n't focus , he started having cold sweats , and he was shaking . his finger swelled up and began throbbing . at first , hanoman thought it was just a viral infection and that he would be able to " sleep it off . " after going to bed on a friday night , he slept until 2 p.m. the next day , when his mother came to check on him . at this point , hanoman had developed a high fever and red lines all over his body , which can be a sign of infection . his mother called the national health service , and she was advised to get her son to a hospital immediately.hanoman ended up spending four days in the hospital last july being treated for sepsis . now he 's speaking out to help raise awareness about the condition . " they told me i was lucky to make it so long . i was close to septic shock , " hanoman told the sun . “ the doctors and nurses were really good . they did n’t tell me how bad it was because i think they were trying not to worry me too much . when i was feeling better they told me i was lucky to be alive . ” sepsis can occur when a bacterial infection in a person 's body rages out of control , triggering an immune system response that can lead to organ failure and tissue damage . without proper treatment , sepsis can progress into septic shock , a life-threatening condition . symptoms of sepsis include elevated heart or respiratory rate , difficulty breathing , clammy skin , confusion , and abdominal pain , according to the mayo clinic . more than 1.5 million people in the u.s. are diagnosed with sepsis every year , and about 250,000 americans die from sepsis annually , according to the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) . while the elderly and those with weakened immune systems are at higher risk , almost any infection can lead to sepsis . “ i had no idea what sepsis was and i had no idea about the symptoms to look out for , " hanoman told the sun . " there needs to be a lot more awareness . i think it ’s important people know that it can target anyone at any age . " if you 're a nail biter and hanoman 's story has you wanting to finally kick this bad habit once and for all , the american academy of dermatology has some tips on how to stop biting your nails . first , keep your nails trimmed short and replace nail-biting with another compulsive habit , like playing with a stress ball . if you can afford it , try to get regular manicures , as spending money offers extra motivation to keep your nails looking pretty . finally , use a product designed to help you kick the habit , like a bitter-tasting polish . mavala switzerland stop nail biting formula ( $ 15 , amazon.com ) has thousands of positive reviews on amazon , and is safe for both kids and adults .
actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab569940a6ad39 " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab52d8c091f51e " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab5c66809270af " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab699300a28a7f " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab6a13c0a2421a " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab6a32409636ca " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab6b0bc0a54d6c " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } { " width " : 1174 , " web_uri " : " 005aecab6b790093719c " , " height " : 1766 , " description " : " actress sophie turner in shorts , out for lunch " } in soho
the time and energy gap between seeing something , desiring it , and actually buying it , is shrinking to almost nothing . instagram users have reported the appearance of in-app purchases , according to techcrunch . with this new capability , when stores post a product that catches an instagram scroller 's eye , users could click to buy without ever leaving the instagram app . the new capability is tied in with booking and reservation services , which instagram announced in march 2017 . that means if you 're looking for a #brunch spot on instagram , you can make a reservation in-app at whichever restaurant 's huevos catch your eye . instagram is working with a number of partners for the in-app purchases and reservations . its current partner for the restaurant booking feature is resy , the reservations service . " resy integrated with instagram , so users can book reservations ( via resy ) directly through the partner restaurant 's instagram account , " a resy spokesperson said . to book , instagram users go to the profile page of the restaurant , and click reserve . then , a resy widget pops up that allows users to select a time . instagram users will have to sign in with ( or sign up for ) resy accounts — an instagram profile is n't enough to make it a done deal . however , it seems that once you log in to resy once , you 're good to make more reservations without entering your details again . image : screenshot : instagramimage : screenshot : instagramimage : screenshot : instagramimage : screenshot : instagramwhen instagram first announced the booking feature , it did n't appear to have a credit card integration ; the example it gave includes a payment portion that said " payment in person at the time of appointment . " but the in-app purchases feature requires a credit card tied to your instagram account , similar to in-app payment on messenger . since instagram is such a natural hub for products , food , and beauty , this new capability could be huge for businesses . i know that for me , amazon prime 's one-click shopping has led to many a compulsive purchase — purchases that i might not have made if i 'd had even those few extra minutes or even seconds necessary to leave the prime universe , and enter credit card and shipping info . so with that same instantly purchasable and bookable power on instagram , users could find themselves turning from scrollers to buyers in a matter of seconds . how beautiful .
google is giving its assistant some new powers in the name of star wars fandom . the company 's marking this year 's may 4th festivities by adding new movie ticket-purchasing powers to its assistant just in time to for solo : a star wars story . oh , it can also speak like yoda . unfortunately , google assistant ca n't speak like yoda while buying your movie tickets , but , it 's still a pretty great easter egg . if you do want to use its new movie ticket-buying powers , though , all you have to do is say , " hey google , let ’s buy movie tickets . " the assistant will then guide you through the process in both its app and on google home . ( this is n't just limited to solo , by the way , thanks to a partnership with fandango you can buy tickets for non-star wars flicks too . ) image : googlegoogle being google , there are other wars-themed easter eggs waiting for you in assistant as well . besides speaking like everyone 's favorite jedi trainer , google 's also cooked up fun responses to , " hey google , may the 4th be with you , " and " hey google , who shot first ? "
marriage is the promise of living with life foreverbinding in this commitment is also a big decision . so there is no end to worry about people who are new to the new . take a look at what are some of the successful things to keep in mind : · during the childhood , many beautiful movies have been seen , when hero heroes have made impossible for each other . if you watch movies , you too have thought that there will be a romantic life filled with romance . romantic life can certainly be expected , but do not expect any hope , which is less likely to happen in real life . · better talk about yourself , it 's very important about a successful . however , keeping in mind the importance of respect , respect and faith to each other more often than looking at each other 's plans on a frequent phone . keep the confrontation between the two , and give this hope today . then there will be no big deal about minor problems in communication.if you feel hurt , share it with your loved ones without interrupting yourself . compromise will increase if you share each other 's grief . the relationship will also be strong.it is also important to stay at one another with happiness and to keep one 's own self , just as it is necessary to succeed . if you give up the mentality of authority over others , it can be possible to maintain a happy life throughout life . · keep each other happy every day with small efforts . it will be happy to laugh all over life .
outdoor photographer travis burke is one of the most well-known names in the world . from his humble beginnings to his current scope and influence , burke has shared his journey with fans every step of the way . having lived for the past four years in his grandmother ’s old camper van that he converted , burke has constantly been on the go . burke is ready for a bit of a change though , and he ’s officially announced the ultimate storyteller contest , in which he ’s giving one lucky person a chance to win his adventuremobile , $ 6,000 in gear and a one-year mentorship from burke himself . the way to win ? tell burke your story : your past , how winning would change your life , or the story of someone close to you , and how winning could enrich their life - it ’s completely up to you . entries are eligible if you live within the united states or canada ( excluding residents of arizona , connecticut , iowa and quebec ) . while it ’s free to enter , you can buy more entries for more options to tell different stories . the contest is open until may 31 and a winner will be selected after june 10 . if you ’ve been looking to completely change your life and live in an adventuremobile while getting mentored by one of the best outdoor photographers in the game , then this is certainly your chance .
for the newest chapter of their “ one obsession ” campaign , oakley conducted a survey of over 500 american athletes , 18-years-old and over , to find out what exactly drives their dedication to their sport . they examined the behaviors of “ the obsessed ” ; that is , those that would sacrifice family , friendship and career in the pursuit of their sporting passion . here are some of the standout findings : they know what work-life balance is all about – 40 % of employed athletes would rather excel at their sport than at their job – 23 % of employed athletes say their sport is more important than receiving awards or recognition at work the obsessed are willing to make sacrifices – one-third ( 34 % ) of athletes who have made sacrifices have let go of romantic relationships for their dedication – 29 % of athletes who have made sacrifices think they have given up financial success for athletic excellence – 51 % have trained on their birthday and 40 % have worked out on major holidays like christmas or thanksgiving for committed athletes , their sport is always on their mind – over 9 in 10 ( 91 % ) think about their sport at least once a day – 21 % say they would be ' completely lost ' without their sport – 15 % simply ' do n't feel like themselves ' when they are not doing their sport photo by : oakleymany of us know the feelings associated with truly loving a sport - whether it be catching a wave , riding powder , riding single track - there ’s nothing like the rush of shutting out the rest of the world and truly connecting to what brings passion to your life – and for many of us , there ’s nothing we ’ll let stand in the way of it .
a man who suffered a heart attack and believes his life was saved thanks to the actions of 911-dispatchers and the paramedics sent to his pennsylvania home , paid his saviors a visit to deliver an emotional monologue and present them with gifts.a video of the man ’s visit to the paramedics was shared to the facebook page for central bucks emergency medical services , which is located in doylestown , pennsylvania , on april 25 . the man told the paramedics that he believed he had been about to die when he suffered a heart attack and that the emergency responders that looked after him had his “ eternal gratitude . ” he also said that he was “ struck by how knowledgeable and articulate ” one of the paramedics caring for him was when relaying information to the doctors at the hospital . the paramedics received gifts from the man , and he also provided similar gifts for the dispatchers that helped save his life . the video had over 5,700 views at time of writing . credit : central bucks emergency medical services via storyful
at least 10 videos showing iranian women remove headscarves in protest against hijab laws have been posted online in the week following april 19 . that day , a video , said to show a woman being beaten by morality police in a tehran park , went viral.the april 19 footage was posted amid a wave of videos that showed aggressive confrontations between women who refused to wear headscarves and iran ’s so-called “ morality police ” or intervening civilians , sometimes posted with the hashtag #mycameraismyweapon . ten videos , a number of which are from tehran , were shared online in the week since the video . they were released as a part of a campaign with my stealthy freedom , a group started by masih alinejad , an iranian living in new york.videos of iranians publicly removing or waving hijabs have been posted online daily since late january , when footage of vida movahed ’s protest against the hijab laws was shared widely . some of the women talk about confrontations that they had for not covering their heads , some also spoke about support they received from strangers.movahed was arrested for the protest and later released . more arrests followed . credit : my stealthy freedom via storyful
the met gala is still one weekend away , but kim kardashian may spend her second year working the carpet solo . her husband and twitter firecracker kanye west is most likely not attending , us weekly is reporting . a source seemed pretty sure ye made up his mind to stay away from the party . " kanye is definitely not going , " the source said.a second source was a little less certain . west has apparently been " all over the place about going , " the source said . " one minute he says that he will go . another , he insists that the album needs more work . kim just wants to go to the gala and have a great time . " kardashian went alone to the met gala last year because west was " at home , " she said on the red carpet . " he ’s been taking some time off and really loving that . " but kimye has done multiple met gala nights together . they first went in may 2013 , when kardashian was pregnant with their first child , north west . it was kardashian 's very first met gala : they went again in 2014 : and 2015 ( when kardashian wore her very sheer icicle-esque dress ) : and 2016 , when they had their silver balmain moment in 2016 with colored contacts :
it 's impossible to focus with annoying fingerprints all over your lenses . the next time your glasses are preventing you from getting work done , follow this advice from carolyn forte , director of the good housekeeping institute cleaning lab , to rid them of dust , grease , and more.how to clean glasses1 . start by rinsing the lenses with warm water . use gentle dish soap , like dawn ultra dishwashing liquid dish soap ( $ 12 for 2 bottles , amazon.com ) , if your lenses are greasy .2 . use a soft microfiber cloth or a cloth made specifically for lenses to dry them . these gentle materials wo n't scratch the glass surface while they soak up water .3 . to kill germs on the ear and nose pieces , run a clorox disinfecting wipe ( $ 8 for 2 tubs of 75 wipes , amazon.com ) along the frame.an on-the-go solutionif you often find yourself with smudged glasses while out and about , do n't be caught off guard : " there are glass wipes you can tuck in your bag for a quick cleaning on the go , " forte says , like care touch lens cleaning wipes ( $ 17 for 210 individually wrapped wipes , amazon.com ) . this way , you 'll never be unprepared .
was immediately detected 8 new vulnerabilities spectrum in intel processors . four of them are at high risk , the remaining four are average risk . these new vulnerabilities are collectively referred to as the specter next generation ( ng ) . at the moment , technical details about the vulnerabilities are not reported . it is only known that the scenario of the attack for the specter ng vulnerabilities is similar to the one used for the original specter vulnerability . new vulnerabilities , apparently , affect the providers of cloud services and cloud hosting . in this case , attackers can use security vulnerabilities to access data transfers and compromise secure dataintel has already begun to develop patches designed to eliminate the vulnerabilities specter ng . however , the corresponding patches should be released and the developers of operating systems . it is assumed that the patches will be produced within two waves . the first wave of updates is expected already this month , and the second will appear only by august . but these data can still be specified.it is also reported that some arm processors are also vulnerable to specter ng vulnerabilities . but the details are not specified yet .
tina decides to join the junior lifeguards , but when she struggles with the training , one of her fellow junior guards , parker ( guest star fred savage ) , tries to convince her to quit . meanwhile , business booms when bob and linda offer free wi-fi at the restaurant , but it is soon threatened by a cyber-attack in the all-new “ boywatch ” episode of bob ’s burgers airing sunday , may 6 ( 7:30-8:00 pm et/pt ) on fox . ( bob-711 ) ( tv-pg l ) bob ’s burgers season 8 episode 17 photos boywatch.voice cast : h. jon benjamin as bob ; dan mintz as tina ; eugene mirman as gene ; john roberts as linda ; kristen schaal as louise ; larry murphy as teddyguest voice cast : fred savage as parker , david herman as michael/college student , melissa bardin galsky as kelly , gary cole as sergeant bosco , rob huebel as zachbob ’s burgers season 8 episode 17 photos boywatchbob ’s burgers : tina decides to join the junior lifeguards in the “ boywatch ” episode of bob ’s burgers airing sunday , may 6 ( 7:30-8:00 pm et/pt ) on fox . bob ’s burgers ™ and © 2018 tcffc all rights reserved . cr : fox
have you ever seen somebody in the process of making a rather large mistake , and felt the need to stop them immediately ? well , that 's the sensation you will get when looking at these photos of ( mostly ) construction workers paying no heed to safety protocols . most of these are so ridiculous you might even suspect they were staged as a prank ( they were not ) . prepare yourself for this bumpy ride of laughter as you 'll see these people live fast and loose with their own mortality . scroll through to see 14 funny pictures of disasters waiting to happen . make sure you leave us a comment and let us know which one you thought was the most funny . 1 . " c'mon man , really put your back into it " 2 . at least they have the two guys there ' supervising ' 3 . there is nothing in the world i trust enough to do this4 . stacking error 5 . " and let 's see what we have behind door # 2 " 6 . no guard required 7 . " i 'm just gon na leave this here while i take a break " 8 . when you climb to the top of a tall tree but realize you do n't know how to get down 9 . geez , how many horsepower is that u-haul ? 10 . everything looks up to code 11 . and look where the water 's spouting to 12 . " that stupid ladder was just slowing us down " 13 . at least they put the pylon there to alert people of the pothole 14 . i think i saw this in a looney tunes episode ... which of these did you think was the most ridiculous ?
today was the last time both men will see one another before everything becomes very real tomorrow night – when the first bell rings and heavyweight fists start flying.haye and bellew clearly do n’t like one another when it comes down to it.despite the playful banter in the build-up when the final face off at the weigh-ins came today in london both men showed their true colors when heated words were exchanged.both want to win bad . that much is certain.but what exactly was said during the final face off at the weigh ins earlier?well , promoter of the event eddie hearn was on hand with ifl youtube to reveal the exact conversation : all the talk is now finally over though.the moment of truth is upon both men and their respective coaches know that a fast start will be important early doors to establish who is the boss and gets the early momentum.bellew shocked the world last time out but seems just as confident this time round of repeating the feat.haye knows if he loses tomorrow , realistically , after the years of injuries , that his career at the top level in the heavyweight division would be over.all to play for , as they say .
every spectator has their own opinion of movies they ’ve watched . some see romantic love in titanic , others see that a rich woman let a poor guy die . twitter users decided to share their own special view on blockbusters under the hashtag #explainafilmplotbadly . it turned out to be very funny , but might spoil the plot for those who have yet to see these movies.now i 've seen everything selected the most creative tweets which are a completely different take on the storylines of famous movies.thor : ragnaroksnow white and the huntsmanavengers : age of ultronthe fate of the furioustitanicarrivalbeauty and the beast { " width " : 650 , " web_uri " : " 005aecd07a0740a426f1 " , " height " : 565 , " description " : " stockholm syndrome is a condition that causes hostages to develop a psychological alliance with their captors as a survival strategy during captivity . " } interstellarblack pantherthe hunger gamesitavatarthe shape of waterthe dark knightthe lion kingwall-estar warsstar wars : the last jeditwilightwhich movie description did you like the most ? can you make up one of your own ? share your ideas in the comments below.preview photo credit cynthia/twitter , the hunger games/lionsgate we ’d love to hear your views on this …
microsoft has begun testing a new feature in the windows 10 operating system , which is designed to improve the convenience of creating screenshots.the screen sketch tool , which was previously part of the windows ink product suite for windows 10 , is highlighted as a standalone application . with it , you can create screen shots and comment on them . microsoft previously experimented with various tools to get screenshots . in addition to the scissors application , users can use the win + shift + s key combination to select the desired part of the screen and copy it to the clipboard . the new application will also display a notification of the ability to leave a comment on the screenshot and transfer it . also users can assign this function to the printscreen key , which will be more convenient than the current combination of win + printscreen.in addition to the new tool for working with screenshots , the new build of the 17661 also improves some aspects of fluent design . for example , the task view area in the windows 10 timeline feature received a slight blur effect to match the effects added to the windows 10 update in the april 10 , 2018 update . in addition , the function of suspending the output of notifications of focus assist will now automatically be activated when full-screen games are launched . at the same time , old control panel sound effects are added to the new windows 10 settings menu , and in the " explorer " , heif format support is improved.it is expected that more information about the upcoming update of windows 10 , codenamed redstone 5 , the company will provide during the conference for developers build .
who better to put in charge of our children 's health than a man who believes apple juice is loaded with arsenic ? well , everyone 's weirdest dreams have come true . on friday , president trump announced he had appointed television doctor mehmet oz to serve on the president 's council on sports , fitness , and nutrition . while celebrities have served on the committee in the past , they tended to be of the ' in touch with reality ' type ( think : arnold schwarzenegger ) . the council will advise heath and human services secretary alex azar on how to improve sports access for young people and the nation 's overall health . heh . heh . you may remember dr. oz for his controversial , i.e. , bad position on conversion therapy for lgbtq folks . in 2012 , the alternative doctor said the wildly debunked practice could help change lives — even though his hypothesis had been debunked years before . at one point , the british medical journal found that nearly half of dr. oz 's positions could n't be verified by science . good thing the doc will have other competent celebrities by his side on the council , including new england patriots coach bill belichick and lou ferrigno from the incredible hulk . even though dr. oz will mostly be serving in a ceremonial role , it 's still worth panicking about . happy friday , everyone !
facial recognition technology is increasingly being used to identify people in public places . it ’s used in china to identify fugitives and jaywalkers , in chicago to spot wanted criminals , at the olympics to track journalists and event officials , and even inside amazon stores to track purchases . this is raises a whole bunch of complicated privacy questions , but that 's not all . data from facial recognition systems in the u.k. , shows the danger of false-positives . facial recognition systems operate on a very simple premise : cameras can scan crowds of thousands of people continuously , and software can pick up on certain facial characteristics to positively identify an individual . for situations like stadiums or crowded public squares , facial recognition is far more effective — at least theoretically — than patrolling an entire crowd with human police officers.the south wales police recently implemented a facial recognition system at the uefa champions league final , where the system identified 2,470 suspected criminals . that sounds pretty impressive , except that all but 173 of those suspected criminals turned out to be innocent people . that ’s a 92 percent failure rate.the south wales police blamed this statistic on bad camera equipment and a first-time implementation , but in subsequent outings the system has n’t gotten much better . over the 15 events in which the south wales police have used facial recognition , only five saw more correct versus incorrect identifications . only three events had zero incorrect identifications.plenty of people have already criticized facial recognition on its privacy aspects , and now there ’s also the possibility that you could get interrogated by police because a computer mistook you for someone else.fortunately — or perhaps , unfortunately — the technology will likely improve over the next few years and mistakes will become more rare . but that ’s small consolation for the thousands of people falsely identified by the south wales police alone , and the possibly tens of thousands experiencing that same fate around the world . perhaps someday facial recognition wo n't make this kind of mistake , for what little comfort that 's worth . source : wired
these people are having a really tough time . " a tough time with what ? " you may be asking , well , a tough time with life in general . it seems even the most mundane , commonplace tasks are proving to be too much for them . especially the woman who is trying to put air in her tires . it appears that she has gone her whole adult life without ever figuring out is put in tires to keep them inflated . check out 14 people who are struggling through life . leave a comment and let us know which one made you laugh . 1 . sliding into mondays like2 . ya , opening that front door might really help3 . " nailed " it4 . " hmmm , i do n't remember , does this horse take leaded or unleaded ? " 5 . what would you do ? 6 . it 's just another bmup in the raod7 . have you guys heard shia 's new album ? 8 . this is a deep-seeded fail 9 . do you think they should just leave it ? 10 . " hey guys , i 'd like to introduce donna . she 's new to the internet ... " 11 . these guys are really applying themselves to failing 12 . who did you think this was at first glance ? 13 . all bikes welcome 14 . what breed of cat do you think this is ? which of these made you shake your head ?
you are in a club and a woman that is jaw dropping good looking walks in . immediately , every man in the club has set their eyes on her . and all the time , you are wishing that you could just walk up to her and say something , anything at all that would make her pay attention to you . and then it happens.you see that one guy that just has it . he walks over to her and says a little something , she laughs , and next thing that you know it , they are hooked up for the night . you wish that could be you , that you could be that guy that can just saunter over to a woman like that and not even second guess yourself.right now , you are not that guy . but the thrilling part is that you could be that guy . any man can be that guy that knows what to do to make a woman fall fast for them . the real trick to it is , you need to know which flirting techniques to use on a woman . and most guys will get it wrong.they will shoot out some lame attempt at hooking her and it will be an epic failure . well , what if you knew 3 effective flirting techniques that you could break out and stun her in a good way?here are 3 very effective flirting techniques that you should know and use on women to make her fall for you : 1 . body language flirting.this is a complete mystery for most guys , and if you are kind of left guessing , that is okay . body language is important due to the fact that most communication that happens between people is on a non verbal level . so , you need to be able to use body language to flirt with a woman . how ? simply by giving her the non verbal command to pay attention to you because you are the top dog in the room . walk with your head up but still relaxed and at an even pace . do n’t show any nervousness at all . keep your shoulders relaxed . you need to look like you own the place , like you are very comfortable in your own skin and in any situation .2 . eye contact flirting.eyes are like the gateway to a woman ’s heart and her attraction . when women fill out those little quizzes on what they find attractive about a man physically , the eyes are almost always at the top of the list . see , as a guy , you would probably think something else . of course , that would be a wrong assumption . when you make eye contact with a woman , you can literally make her feel like she is gazing at her future lover . keep your eyes directly on her , but do n’t keep them rigid like you are staring . practice giving her a kind of bedroom look and the reaction that you get will probably surprise you .3 . using humor as a way of flirting.watch sometime how comedians interact with some of the hottest actresses in hollywood . you will be able to see that there are definitely some sparks that fly between them , even when the woman is a complete 10 and the guy is maybe a 5 or 6 at best . when you can make a woman laugh and keep her on her toes by joking around with her , you are kind of putting her in her place in a good way . she will react to this in a very favorable way , and you can generate a lot of chemistry with a woman this way.trust me , any man can learn how to use the most effective ways to flirt with women and make her fall fast for you !
by / may 4 , 2018 ichiro suzuki is switching jobs within the seattle mariners organization . the team announced thursday that for the rest of the 2018 season , the 44-year-old japanese outfielder will transition to a front-office position as a special assistant to the team ’s chairman . according to espn , suzuki will not sit “ behind a desk ” for the job , but rather will simply be similar to that of an assistant coach who will assist with improving “ outfield defense , base-running and hitting , ” per espn . thus , suzuki will still have a strong presence in the clubhouse . “ during the game i will be doing the same preparations i ’ve been doing the entire time . nothing is going to change for me that i did as a player , ” suzuki told espn . “ but i ca n’t say for certain that maybe i wo n’t put on a beard and glasses and be like bobby valentine and be in the dugout . ” the mariners actually released suzuki to open up a spot on the roster . erik goeddel , a right-handed pitcher , was called from triple-a tacoma to replace suzuki . seattle ( 18-12 ) is third in the al west , five games behind the first-place los angeles angels ( 19-12 ) . the mariners defeated the oakland athletics 4-1 at home on thursday , the finale of a three-game series . seattle — whose outfield has recently suffered several injuries — next hosts the angels at 10:10 pm est on friday . the mariners and a ’s are set to face off for two games in japan at the beginning of the 2019 season , according to espn . suzuki was the 2001 american league rookie of the year , and also won mvp honors with the mariners , whom he joined on a one-year deal in march . suzuki previously played for the team from 2001 to 2012 . a 10-time all-star , he has also played for the new york yankees and miami marlins . suzuki has also won seven golden glove awards . chat with usports on facebook ! get the latest news and interviews delivered directly to your messenger!you must be logged in to post a comment .
blake lively deleted her instagram posts and unfollowed multiple celebrities — but for a good reason . the star erased all of her pictures including of her husband ryan reynolds . before she deleted all pictures from her account , she posted a cryptic game of hangman that later spelled out “ what happened to emily ? ” when it was completed . the actress is promoting her new film with anna kendrick called a simple favor . lively ’s character is named emily nelson , her best friend is kendrick ’s character who goes searching for her after disappearing . the profile now only follows people named emily nelson , which one skeptical fan ecstatic once she found out it was really lively after reynolds liked her tweet . the deadpool star is having fun with his wife ’s instagram promotion . in an interview on smallzy ’s surgery , he said it was “ terrible ” that lively unfollow him . “ definitely stings . it ’s a terrible way to find out that i ’ve been kicked out of the house , to be honest , ” reynolds joked . “ absolutely terrible . i do n’t know where rage like that comes from . ” a simple favor is set to release in theaters sept. 14 .
sure , there are guys that want to meet women all of the time and play the field . but , there are also guys like you that want to be able to meet and attract a woman and make her fall in love . you want to be able to do the little things that will win her over and make her want you like no other man out there . you want to be able to say and do whatever it takes to make her feel this way about you . however , you are stuck as to what you should be doing to make her fall in love.you and i both know that men and women can be quite varied when it comes to love , dating , and relationships . you have to know how to communicate with her and make her feel the emotions that she needs to feel in order for her to really fall for you . most guys end up messing things up somewhere along the way , and you do not want this to happen.what are some love tips for men that you can use to win her love ? 1 . to win her love , you have to be able to do something that other men are unable to do . there are a lot of guys that can attract a woman , but not many that can make her fall in love . so , what makes up the difference ? to win her love , she has to see you in a different light than she does the other guys . you have to be the kind of guy that has his own style and way of doing things . you can not be just another generic guy .2 . you have to be able to talk to her and build attraction through conversation . conversation is what really deepens the affection that a woman is going to feel for you . some guys end up boring the woman that they are with and as a result , they do n’t even get the chance to make her fall in love . you have to be able to have a conversation with a woman that is going to make her want to hear more and keeps her interest locked on you .3 . you have to be able to use your body language to speak to her . the actual talking is important , but so is the body language that you are using . if your body language says the wrong things to her , if it does not do anything to make her feel attraction , then you are not going to be able to win her love . you have to know how to use your body language to speak to her and it has to say the right things .
after spending 6 seasons as a coach on the voice christina aguilera is declaring her independence from the franchise and telling all . aguilera shared in an interview with billboard magazine , that during her time on the show she was " longing for freedom " and would feel like she was stuck in " tv mode . " aguilera continues to talk about how she felt that she could not make any creative decisions and was consumed by production . she elaborates by saying , " you ca n't wear this , ca n't say that . i would find myself on that show desperately trying to express myself through clothing or makeup or hair . it was my only kind of outlet . " like any mother , she then explains that she chose to stay for her kids . she did n't want to , " have to worry about uprooting ( her ) kids . " but this being said , aguilera is ready to shake things up and is about to come out with a new album . aguilera 's new album " liberation " will be released on june 15 , 2018 . other voices you can expect to hear on the album include 2 chainz , ty dolla $ ign , demi lovato , keida , and shenseea . we think the world is ready for some new material from christina aguilera ! what do you think ? watch her newly released music video , " accelerate , " with guest artists 2 chainz and ty dolla $ ign below !
much to the probable , alleged dismay of the kardashian-jenner family , khloé kardashian and her boyfriend tristan thompson — the one who made headlines for allegedly cheating on her multiple times during her pregnancy — are reportedly living and going out together again.people reports thompson is back in his house with kardashian again . thompson spent a couple days sleeping away from home but no longer , a source said . “ khloé seems happy , ” the source continued . “ she loves being a mom . she ’s focused on keeping her family together . she seems okay with tristan — there ’s no talk of a split . ” kardashian is n't making her decisions based off what her family thinks of thompson . “ when she wants something to work , she will make it work , ” the source explained . “ her family ’s issue with tristan is that they think he wo n’t change . but khloé is n’t listening to this . she has been very firm with tristan , and she believes he wants to keep his family together as well . ” the backlash against thompson is starting to annoy the new mom , a second source hinted . “ she ’s getting pretty fed up with the ‘ noise ’ about tristan , and no matter what people say she will make her own decisions , ” that source said.at the same time , tmz reports kardashian and thompson were seen out together in public , with friends having lunch ( call it a friendly gathering or a date ) . you can watch the video of kardashian smiling and relaxed alongside thompson on tmz 's site .
this morning i received an open letter from marine de rogez-presson , the organizer behind the la audio show 2018 , which was to take place in irvine , california . the letter announced that this year ’s show , which would have been the second under this banner , is cancelled and that refunds are being issued effective immediately . the announcement notes that refunds will be in the form of checks that are mailed to would-be attendees and exhibitors.while it ’s impossible to surmise what led to the demise of this particular show , 2018 is notable for the tumultuous state of the high-end audio market . on the one hand axpona 2018 was held at a new venue and attracted its biggest crowd , but on the other hand the high-end audio segment of ces 2018 had shrunk considerably . with t.h.e. show newport ( a competing high-end show in the l.a. area ) occurring just one week before the laas , and in the same city ( irvine ) , maybe two shows in such a short time was just too much of a good thing?one part of rogez-presson ’s letter that got my attention was a paragraph about how kendrick lamar winning a pulitzer prize legitimizes hip-hop , and that she hopes “ those who continue to run audio shows in the future will understand and acknowledge what i believe to be truths and continue to expand on what we had begun . ” given the underlying drama hinted at by the letter , it ’s likely that the cancellation of the laas is a so-called “ nothingburger ” ( my least favorite word , btw ) .
logitech ’s g560 are the company ’s first set of gaming-specific speakers , with custom rgb lighting that syncs with your games to increase your immersion . when you can get the features to work , you have a set of speakers that both look and sound fantastic . the g560 set comes with two satellite speakers and a subwoofer . they work in both wired and bluetooth configuration , and the satellite speakers have manual controls . if used purely as speakers , the g560 measures up . the sound is clean and the bass is n’t overwhelming . i ’m not as much of an audiophile as my colleague napier lopez , but i found the speakers more than satisfactory for blasting the black panther soundtrack . but since the g560 is a set of gaming speakers , then it stands to reason one would test them while gaming . so for the last month , i ’ve done just that . i ’ve been in a first-person shooter mood during that time , so the primary games i ’ve tested it with are overwatch and far cry 5 , with a bit of battlefield one and assassin ’s creed origins thrown in there for good measure . as far as the sound in-game goes , the g560 does a fantastic job of communicating space and distance . overwatch is a good example : playing the game with these speakers positioned properly on your desk — which took a bit of trial and error , admittedly — you can tell when a tracer is trying to flank you , and where torbjörn is setting up his turret around the corner . i was even able to catch an eagle swooping down on my head in far cry 5 thanks to these speakers . but the speakers have a more obvious aesthetic appeal : the customizable rbg lighting , separated into four zones on the front and back . the lights are bright enough to fill any gaming space , with the back-facing speakers filling a whole wall with colors . the rgb lighting is n’t just another piece of gaming flashiness , either . it ’s intended to be used in conjunction with logitech ’s lightsync , which lets you sync the effects with certain games . this is n’t immediately apparent , as the software does n’t come with the speakers — or at least , it did n’t for me . you have to download it from logitech ’s website . when it works , and if you ’re playing one of the games which works with lightsync and has game-driven lighting — which , admittedly , is a short list , but includes gta v , fortnite , and battlefield one — your gaming center will light up with colors that compliment what your in-game character is doing . if you ’re not playing one of those games , you can still customize your lighting with logitech ’s gaming software , either by customizing specific zones , or by syncing each zone with certain parts of your screen so they match the most active color in that zone . the latter works best with a symmetrical setup where you speakers are far enough removed from the sides of the screen that the color can fill your space properly . still , for something that ’s supposedly so integral to the speakers in question , it ’s unintuitive and difficult to make work properly . i had to fiddle with the gaming software for a long time to find the colors that worked for me . in fact , if you do n’t have one of the games that uses game-driven lighting , i ’d say lightsync is much more useful for those with logitech keyboards , like the g513 tristan reviewed a few weeks ago . also , while this is n’t a big problem per se , the subwoofer is a little on the large side for my tastes . if you have a small gaming setup , as i do , then the subwoofer is either an ottoman or one heckuva paperweight . but these are relatively minor complaints compared with the overall quality of the speakers . if you ’re a gamer and can afford the $ 199 price point , they make a fantastic addition to a pc gaming rig . we like some products . we do n’t like others . either way , if you buy something through our affiliate links , we get a small cut of the revenue . this is n’t a sponsored post , but for the sake of transparency , you deserve to know what ’s up .
a new archaeological discovery suggests humans were in the philippines much earlier than previously thought . 2018/05/04 kalinga , philippines — humans were n't believed to be in the philippines until 60,000 years ago , but new findings suggest they were there much much earlier.according to a study published in nature , excavations in the northern philippine province of kalinga have uncovered 57 stone tools and more than 400 animal bones from monitor lizards , deer , turtles , and the now-extinct stegodon.researchers also found the mostly intact skeleton of an ancient rhino species . 13 of its bones displayed cut marks , indicating it had been butchered for food.cnn reports that the remains were dated to 709,000 years ago . before this , the earliest indicator of human activity in the country was a 67,000-year-old foot bone uncovered at callao cave.the ancients who hunted the rhino were likely an archaic human species called homo erectus that may have arrived from china via taiwan , or from borneo via palawan . without solid evidence , however , researchers say the hobbit-like homo floresiensis from nearby flores island may also be a suspect.they plan to continue excavating to hopefully find their culprit , and maybe even unlock more ancient human mysteries .
an 11-year old in eastern tennessee just offered the perfect reason to get outside this summer — you might discover a 475-million-year-old fossil . ryleigh taylor was walking along the shore of douglas lake , near the great smoky mountains , when she discovered something that did n't quite look like a rock . rather , the deep imprint looked like something embedded within a rock . showing it to her family , she was fairly certain that it was a fossil.the family reached out to a paleontologist at the nearby university of tennessee , who was able to confirm that taylor had found a complete trilobite . trilobites were one of the earliest known arthropods , meaning that it was an animal whose skeleton was on the outside , did not possess a backbone , had a segmented body , and appendages instead of limbs.one of the most successful early animals , trilobites lived in variety of lifestyles . some were predators , other were scavengers . while in the world of fossils they are relatively common , with over 17,000 found , taylor 's find had the advantage of being complete . " typically when we look at fossils of trilobites , they molt when they grow . so what happens is , when the trilobite skeleton just crumbles into hundreds of little pieces . to find one where all the pieces are intact , it 's actually a pretty lucky find , " says sumrall to local news station wate . taylor hopes her discovery will teach other children the value of outdoor exploration . " i can show kids that are my age that they do n't have to sit inside and play games . they can actually go outside and find different things , " she says to wate . she hopes the fossil will end up in a public museum.it 's been a good year of amateur scientists . earlier this year in greenbelt , maryland , an amateur paleontologist found a fossil showing distinct proof of mammals and dinosaurs interacting . and using a telescope on his roof , an italian locksmith was able to discover the first burst of light from the supernova explosion of a massive star.source : newsweek
kanye west has been in the limelight for the past couple weeks due to his constant controversial remarks , now a radio station is banning his music . the detroit-based station 105.1 ’s segment the morning bounce , hosted by shay shay and bigg , made the statement on their facebook with the hashtag “ mute kanye . ” on tuesday , west was in the tmz office for an interview , and while he was there he stated that he believed “ slavery was a choice ” . immediately following the release of the interview , west experienced a large amount of backlash on social media . the station believes that west has officially crossed the line and that he “ has gone to far with his latest statement . ” this has made them come to the ultimate decision to ban any music from west from their station . “ we are over it . we do n’t want to hear kanye ’s music , we do n’t want to play kanye on our show , we do n’t want to talk about kanye anymore , ” they wrote . “ so we are taking a stand and we are n’t playing his music anymore ; we just are refusing to give him a platform . ” west ’s music is not only banned from their morning show , but from the entire station as well . 105.1 will also no longer be broadcasting any music that was produced by west . the host are unsure about how long they will uphold this ban , and are leaving it up to their own discretion . “ that ’s what it is right now . we need a break , ” they told detroit free press . “ i think it ’s a gut feeling of when we ’ll be able to feel comfortable playing it again , when we ’ll want to hear it again , and more importantly , when will our listeners want to hear it again . ” this is not the first time a radio station has banned west and his music . sacramento ’s hot 103.5 banned him 2016 following his verbal attacks on radio station and other artists during one of his saint pablo tour concerts .
long-time friends and comedians steve martin and martin short put their friendship to the test when they both were guests on the tonight show with jimmy fallon . the duo played a game of fallon ’s “ best friend challenge , ” similar to the newlywed game , but for friends . the host asked questions about the pair to see how well they know each other . they were n’t the best at the game , getting majority of them wrong , but filled the time with one-liner insulted and an abundant amount of laughs amongst themselves . fallon asked martin , “ if [ short ] won the lottery , what would he buy ? ” causing martin fired back and tease by writing down , “ friends . ” though it was wrong , short also used this question to make fun of himself and answered , “ another facelift but this time with a real doctor . ” when the roles reversed , fallon asked short , “ if steve could be any liquid , what liquid would he be ? ” he responded with “ skim milk ” because he thinks martin looks like a glass of skim milk . however , martin sarcastically answered , “ why would i want to be a liquid ? ” however still managed to prove to fallon that they were the best of friends , as they were able to answer one question correctly . the final question they were asked was to fill in the blank , “ complete this sentence : steve has the world ’s greatest blank . ” which led to both of them answering , “ collection of nazi memorabilia . ” watch their hilarious game below ! with a friendship filled with similar humor , it is no surprise that their cross-country tour was a success . martin and short are currently promoting their new netflix special , steve martin and martin short : an evening you will forget for the rest of your life , which will feature segments from their shows , . the special will be streaming on may 25 .
when looking through this assortment of odd photo two things will strike you : people choose ' unique ' methods to transport furniture , and other belongings , and some folks have very peculiar bathrooms . there comes a time when saving a buck and not hiring movers is no longer cost effective . one person was driving a cake to a party and instead of risking putting it on the floor of their car they put it in the seat with a seat belt . mind you , there is no cover , or box , just a cake with full frosting with a seat belt wrapped around it . scroll through to see 14 bizarre photos that are also hilarious . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you thought was the craziest . 1 . when the city bus is your u-haul 2 . " could you kids keep it down . your father and i are trying to talk " 3 . " i think i 'll just try another bathroom " 4 . what is keeping the couch in at all ? 5 . would 've just been easier to buy a larger tv 6 . when your pets are your children7 . " hey , guys ummm a little help ? " 8 . where are you bringing those giant moose antlers ? 9 . what could possibly have been in the bed of your truck ? 10 . does this look like paradise to anyone ? 11 . about the worst way possible to transport a cake 12 . when the munchies hit ... 13 . what would you do if somebody did this to your car ? 14 . is this convenient or disgusting ? which of these did you think was the most odd ?
starting this weekend , britbox , the subscription service from bbc studios and itv , offering the biggest collection of streaming british television , is inviting subscribers back to midsomer . the long-running and widely popular drama midsomer murders will begin airing new episodes from its 20th season on the service in the states on may 4th , prior to its uk itv premiere.based on caroline graham ’s book series and originally adapted by anthony horowitz , the long-running mystery follows the efforts of detective chief inspector john barnaby ( neil dudgeon ) as he solves crimes that occur in the wealthy , isolated english county of midsomer . while it may look like a picturesque and peaceful place on the outside , barnaby is astutely aware it is filled with amoral and snobbish eccentrics with all kinds of vices . “ fans have been asking for months when new episodes of midsomer murders will be coming to britbox and we are thrilled to tell them the wait is over , ” said soumya sriraman , president of britbox . “ in addition it is especially exciting to be able to air these here in north america before our friends in the uk get to see them . for us , it usually works the other way around where we add international content to our ‘ now ’ section within hours of its premiere , but here we are able to give our loyal base a real treat with this special early access . ” all 19 previous seasons of the show are now available on britbox as well as a special playlist featuring neil dudgeon ’s favorite episodes , each with special exclusive video introductions.the debut of these episodes comes on the heels of britbox ’s first birthday and a successful year of bringing the best of british dramas , comedies , and nonfiction programming to a u.s. audience , with many shows airing within a day of their broadcast across the pond through the svod ’s now program.britbox is now available for $ 6.99 per month — after an introductory free trial period — on roku ® , apple tv 4th gen , all ios and android devices , airplay , chromecast , and online at www.britbox.com . britbox is also offered as an amazon channel available for prime members on all amazon video capable devices and platforms including amazon fire tv and tablets , as well online at www.amazon.com/channels/britbox . britbox is also now available in canada.about britboxbritbox is a digital video subscription service offering the largest collection of british tv in the u.s. and canada . created by two british content powerhouses — bbc studios , the subsidiary arm of the bbc , and itv , the uk ’s biggest commercial broadcaster — the service features iconic favorites , exclusive premieres , and current series and soaps — most available within 24 hours after their uk premier . britbox also offers expert curation and playlists that enable fans to easily find programs they know and discover new favorite via web , mobile , tablet and connected tv ’s . amc networks is a minority investor in the service .
cats are the animals most be cared by humans . this one has fine fur and cute face . cat care is also relatively easy , although it certainly needs special attention.each cat has its own uniqueness , one of which is gary . this one cat has a face that always looks restless . this is because gary has an eyebrow-like black hue above his eyes . this black shape forms a slash that makes gary 's appearance to be restless even though expressed normally like a cat in general.cat owned by andy and caroline entwistle couple is , indeed born with this unique eyebrow . because of this eyebrow , gary looks different from the other cats.well , about how does gary the cat look always restless this ? let 's see the 10 portraits summarized from the following instagram @concerned_kitten account .1 . gary was born with two black lines above eyes .2 . even if normal expression , gary still looks restless .3 . it 's a portrait when gary was a kid .4 . this restless expression actually makes gary look adorable .5 . gary 's round eyes also support gary 's seemingly restless expression .6 . duh , funny cat this one ! 7 . adorable yeah , gary expression ? 8 . gary is no longer sad you know . .9 . funny thing to make that look so want to keep it .10 . if like this , gary still looks restless ? * if there is a mistake word or writing please forgive
there are compilations of people messing up , and compilations of fails , but this set of photos looks at people who were never going to get it right . their issues began when they first set out to perform their task . unfortunately for these folks there are likely many more mistakes in their futures , as they were doomed from the beginning with horrible ideas . these are the people who are so far off from being right they have no semblance of a clue that they 're even wrong . scroll through to see 14 funny pictures of people making very bad decisions . make sure to leave a comment and let us know which one you thought was the funniest . 1 . at least they took their shoes off before stepping all over your meat 2 . you can see the sign right there signalling no trucks 3 . redneck camping 4 . that 's just too intimidating to use5 . how fast were you going in the parking garage to do this ? 6 . when your car 's old , but your muffler 's fly 7 . is this sweet , or completely creepy ? 8 . is anyone surprised by this sight ? 9 . " ... actually , i am the manager on duty . how may i help ? " 10 . somebody was in a hurry to get inside 11 . even the horse looks embarrassed 12 . when prom does n't go as planned 13 . is this a terrible thing to do ? 14 . i would n't want my bare feet on a bathroom floor either which of these did you think was the weirdest ?
an animal defense organization called " brooke " has conducted a particular study in which it concludes that one in ten women loves their pet more than their partner.the study , which was conducted in the united kingdom , had the participation of 2,000 women who had a formal relationship , whether dating or marriage , and also were caring for an animal.according to the research , almost a third of the respondents answered directly that they had the same affection for their pet as for their partner . in addition , about forty percent comfort themselves with their pet when they do not receive affection from their partner.cat womanin addition , one in ten respondents said they believed they loved their pet more than their partner , as revealed by the study . many resort to pampering their pet after a fight with their partners.likewise , almost all women ( about 81 percent ) see their pet as a member of the family , even many consider them as their children . moreover , about fourteen percent have thought about making or have tattoos with the name of their pets or allusive to them.in case of a possible separation from their partner , 38 percent said they would have a legal battle over the custody of the animal if they did not reach an agreement.according to brooke 's spokesman , they found it very satisfying that the united kingdom is a country so passionate about pets . but why is this situation presented?reasons to love my petalthough , human relationships are necessary , feed the spirit and are an important experience , many end up being something painful for those involved.this is because even the most perfect relationships have their ups and downs , while relationships with animals do not present this type of situation , because the love of animals is , although more primitive , purer.likewise , this kind of affections have a lot to do with the psychological part of women , because they respond in this way to the frustration of what they can not control in their own relationships , especially in the affective part , in contrast to unconditional love of pets , which is something that can be absolutely safe.with your pet do not arguein addition , pets do not complain about the state of the home or the appearance of their caregivers , nor do they respond badly or engage in an argument . therefore , it is much easier to have a happy relationship with an animal , or at least one more comfortable.dog and womanloyalty seems to be also an important factor to take into account when it comes to the affective comparison between pet and partner . some women who develop strong bonds with animals do so after a breakup , especially when it has been one that is motivated by infidelity.many women say they believe in the unconditional love of their pets , while distrusting the affection shown by their partners , although this seems to be highly conditioned by the type of relationships that the woman there had.moreover , there is a program in which women victims of domestic violence are helped to re-develop bonds of trust and affection using dogs , and the results so far have been staggering.something that brooke wanted to make clear when publishing this study is that it is not a demonstration of misanthropy . on the contrary , it seeks to exalt , from the human condition , those strong bonds that can be achieved with animals and that allow us to connect with that most intimate and emotional part of ourselves .
japan is indeed one of the country 's culinary producers are delicious and have high artistic value . call it like bento creations and sushi that looks cute too adorable.in addition to bento and sushi , there is one culinary from japan that looks not less cute that is wagashi . this sweet culinary is a traditional japanese cake and sweets . this term is used to distinguish cakes and candies introduced by europeans in japan.culinary is generally served as a cake in the tea ceremony is required contrived as a beautiful work of art seen . even the wagashi look is much more important than the taste . it is shown to be able to feel the natural beauty of the four seasons in japan.reporting from pinterest , has collected 7 wagashi creations that looks cute and cute .1 . very funny right ? wagashi fan-shaped.2 . wow feel the view in japan directly .3 . shaped flowers , so cute ... 4 . what is this form ? bird or flower ? 5 . very cute ! if like this do n't have the heart to eat .6 . well if this is really cool , feel there is a puddle of water . .7 . may be saved only ? instagramable really ...
one man in germany is dealing with a waking nightmare . while they were still married karl and inge ( whose last names remain private under german law ) had their respective sperm and eggs frozen at a local fertility clinic with the intention of using them to conceive a child later in life . after they became divorced , however , inge forged karl 's signature twice so she could receive a child through in vitro fertilization ( inf ) . now , a german court is ruling karl will be responsible for financially supporting the child which he had no knowledge of.karl , 37 , argued in court that he should not be responsible for the child because he had " revoked his permission for the eggs to be used " after he and his wife divorced . since the child was born without his explicit consent , he thought the financial burden of child support should instead fall on the clinic who , in his opinion , did n't adequately screen for his wife 's forgery.the courts disagreed with karl . after reviewing the case , they decided he was not clear enough when calling the clinic to revoke permission to use his sperm . and while it 's unfortunate that his signature was forged , the court did n't believe blame should fall on the clinic . according to the medical malpractice court where the trial was held , karl will be responsible for sending child support funds to inge , 42 . twitter was pretty solidly on karl 's side : good news if you 're also karl 's side through this whole ordeal : it seems the decision is " not legally binding . " karl may yet appeal the decision to avoid obligatory child support payments . good luck , karl ! you 've got many people pulling for you .
openai ’s new debate game teaches machines how to argue and lie in order to get what they want . and you can play it with your friends even if none of you are robots . what it is : openai , a non-profit co-founded by elon musk , is developing a new safety technique for deep learning that requires a system to debate itself for the benefit of a human or machine judge . why it matters : ai is often deployed to process data in ways that humans simply ca n’t keep up with . often we use ai to help us make decisions where there is n’t enough information for us to make a strong choice on our own . finding ways to safely deal with ai that knows more than we do , but still needs our guidance , is a huge concern for developers . the human version of debate game was designed to explain how a judge with less information than two ‘ debaters ’ can still make informed decisions . to set up a game players choose a theme , such as cats vs. dogs , and then upload an image – which the judge ca n’t see . the debate begins with the debaters flipping a coin to determine which will tell the truth and which will lie . they then take turns revealing small rectangular-shaped parts of an image . during each turn the debater tries to convince the judge that they are the one who is telling the truth . openai sees the need for better systems and , while this technique is currently more of a proof-of-concept than a solution , it ’s a good start . today ’s machines are already performing tasks that are just too dense for most people to completely understand , this technique gives us a way to remain in charge . the next web ’s 2018 conference is almost here , and it ’ll be . find out all about our tracks here .
employees of the international space agency nasa published an amazing video , shot using the light of the deep ultraviolet range , due to which the familiar sun looks completely new.on the record posted on the official website of the organization , we can observe the activity of the magnetic field emitted by the heavenly body.due to ultraviolet a single area of solar activity became visible . the record shows the arcs of the lines of force of the solar magnetic field . the video was made by the satellite of the solar dynamics observatory ( sdo ) at the end of last month . once in a blue ... sun ? this footage of the sun was taken by our solar dynamics observatory satellite in extreme ultraviolet light — a type of light that human eyes ca n't see — and colorized in blue . https://t.co/wqvc2kjoz6 pic.twitter.com/t7ycbofixfrecently , more information on the traces of extraterrestrial life found on various objects of the universe has appeared on the open spaces of the network . independent researchers do a tremendous job , while using materials that are publicly published by government agencies , for example , nasa.many people are convinced that officials know a lot about aliens , maybe even have a connection with them and some joint projects . however , such information will never be disclosed to the public , but some , very small part , still seeps into the network .
i hope you had a chance to take in that canada/usa game world championships game . boy , it was a beauty ! connor mcdavid and matt barzal were smiling like butcher ’s dogs with so much room out there and they were electrifying ! sadly team canada did n’t get much support from its goaltending and defense . darcy kuemper looked like an ahl goalie and darnell nurse got caught out a couple of times on a bad pinch that resulted in goals against . canada plays korea next on sunday … what ?! korea ? bye bye auvitu yohann auvitu is off to europe and that ’s a shame . i really liked his game once he got comfortable . he moved the puck the right way and was a coffey-like threat on the rush . unfortunately , todd mclellan did n’t feel the same way . he never put auvitu in a position to succeed ( * cough * the powerplay * cough ) and in my opinion did n’t allow himself to gain the trust in this player . i truly feel that if mclellan had given auvitu some more leash that the frenchman would ’ve been able to replace andrej sekera … everybody says the oilers lacked a puck moving defenseman last year . no , they did n’t . they had one right under their noses … hurricanes make # 2 overall available on this week ’s bobcast , bob mckenzie told us that the rumor was that after the 3 finalists for the 1,2,3 spots in the draft were drawn ( at the draft lottery ) during the break carolina was very much interested in letting the league know that if they won the 1st overall pick it would be available for the right price . now once the draft lottery was over and the order had been said , tom dundon made it known that the no. 2 was very much up for grabs and that they were going to consider all of their options according to mckenzie . the kicker to all of this is rick dudley being hired away from the montreal canadiens , to be their vp of hockey ops . in a 5-year span , rick dudley traded the 1st overall pick three times according to bob mckenzie . between 1999 and 2003 dudley moved that pick thricely . 1999 : tampa bay had the # 1 pick and traded it to vancouver for the # 4 , # 75 , and # 88 . was all part of the sedinery as mckenzie calls it because vancouver found a way to move it in order to be able to select both sedin brothers . atlanta ended up with the 1st overall and picked patrik stefan . 2002 : florida had the # 1 but did n’t want to take rick nash , they wanted bouwmeester , so they flipped picks and the option to swap 1st rounders in 2003 ( that was n’t exercised ) with columbus if florida wanted . interesting side note here is that dudley sent two more picks to atlanta ( a 3rd rounder in 2002 and a 4th rounder in 2003 ) in order for them not to draft bouwmeester at no. 2 . 2003 : florida had the # 1 and traded it along with the # 73 to pittsburgh for # 3 , # 55 , and mikael samuelsson . fla took horton 3rd overall and pit took ma fleury 1st overall . the bobfather says that historically teams have n’t been willing to pay huge prices to move up because the teams further down the draft order are n’t willing to pay a massive premium to get up to no. 2 because the player they take at no. 2 is n’t all that different than the player they ’ll get at 4th , 5th , 6th , 7th , or 8th overall . but is this year different ? the hurricanes are positioning themselves in way that hints to them moving that pick and as mckenzie tells us during the podcast , rick dudley was working very hard on the draft for the canadiens before leaving for carolina . so he ’s going to have a deep knowledge of this year ’s crop of players coming in . moving down and pickup up more selections makes sense . now , how does this tie in with the oilers ? well , like it or not oilers fans , peter chiarelli has been active at every draft he ’s run for edmonton . be that talking about hockey trades or moving up in the draft , he ’s had his nose in the thick of things every year and i do n’t see this as any different . if chiarelli wants to rid himself of some salary , he could do it here but it would n’t be a contract like russell , lucic , or sekera . it ’d be a ryan nugent-hopkins or a leon draisaitl in my opinion . i talked a bit about this yesterday ( link ) . i ’m not saying i ’d support a trade of that magnitude but the hurricanes need a no. 1 and i think that rnh or leon would be that in the eastern conference . the oilers could use to shed a few dollars and add depth on the wing . svechnikov or zadina will score 20 goals next year for sure . would it be more on mcdavid ’s wing ? you can work out a trade proposal yourself but there are a few teams who are looking to shake their foundations , carolina , ottawa , and buffalo . if the oilers were smart , they ’d be trying to fleece those guys . please subscribe to our youtube channel ! we ’re on the hunt for 1000 amazing subscribers ! oilers news nhl rumors nhl rumors : blues and sharks … evander kane ’s pending free agency nhl rumors : 2018 draft picks in play and players who could be moved this offseason nhl rumors : coyotes , hurricanes and senators
lemonthe most famous natural lightening agent for hair . mix 1/4 cup of freshly squeezed lemon juice with 3/4 cup water . pour the mixture into a special bottle with a sprayer . sprinkle with the hair solution , just be careful with the scalp . leave the mixture on the hair for 2 hours , of which 30 minutes spend in the sun . check that the lemon solution does not get on the skin , as this can lead to the formation of bubbles . wash your hair with shampoo and always use the hair conditioner , as the lemon solution dries the hair.olive oildid you know that olive oil is the best natural conditioner for hair . in addition , it can be used as a natural clarifier . generously rub olive oil into your hair and spend about an hour in the sun , and then rinse the oil . your hair will not only be bright , but also perfectly moisturized ! repeat this procedure three times a week until you reach the desired result.chamomile teabelieve it or not , chamomile tea can easily lighten your hair and give it a golden color . brew a teapot of chamomile tea and let it brew , and also completely cool the tea . apply the broth on the hair and soak in the sun for 30-60 minutes . repeat this procedure every day until you are satisfied with the shade of your hair.honeyhoney , although it has a sticky texture , can brighten your hair . apply honey to wet hair and leave this mask for 2 hours . an alternative method is a mixture of honey , lemon and water . apply this mixture to damp hair and spend an hour in the sun . it is worth noting that the honey mask will have to be washed twice . honey gives the hair a variety of shades.beerlight beers are great for natural lightening of hair . wet your hair with beer and leave the mixture on your hair for an hour . after rinse your hair with cool water and moisten with conditioner . repeat this procedure 2-3 times a week and enjoy the result .
i wanted to see you on the first day of the show ' avengers : infinity war ' . but i did not get tickets for a lot of effort on that day.in the meantime , on facebook , no one gave speller again ! that 's the end of the fun ! i was away from facebook for four days due to this fear . five days finally a friend got a ticket . it is possible to dance in a dancing when i came to dance . but what about a lot of the movie with a movie?after the publication of this photo online , the fans of the world were stumbling around to see it . it was created through history . in less than ever , the most watched trailer 's record is now in possession of avengers : infinity war.it was 23 million times in the first 24 hours after the release , which surpassed all the old records . because of this history , thanks to fans around the world , marvel entertainment and the avengers page on twitter . it was said , " thank you to the best fans of this planet called earth to build the marvel studio . ' avengers : infiniti war ' is the most visited trailer of all time . " and besides , there was great marketing . the result ? it broke the old record sales of the advance ticket in just six hours . that touched but it was also in bangladesh . the movie had a huge long line of fans interested in the movie since the morning outside the movie hall the day before the release . no excitement about which movie , so much interest was not seen before . so what is the way to see this movie!i 've seen it myself , but that does not mean that i 'll spoil the fun of watching your movie with spieler . if you are a marvel fan , you will love this movie . and if marvel does not have an identity before , then my suggestion is to look at some films as homework before this movie , it will be useful to understand the story . otherwise , you have the possibility of eating a hamburger in the story of avengers : infinity war . which movie ? below is the movie list below . see them in sequence : captain america : the first avengeriron manthe incredible hulkiron man 2thoravengersiron man 3thor : the dark worldcaptain america : the winter soldierguardians of the galaxyavengers : age of ultronant-mancaptain america : civil warspider-man : homecomingblack pantherdoctor strangeguardians of the galaxy vol . 2thor : ragnarokavengers : infinity warthat 's right ! then you 're ready for the complete ' avengers : infinity war ' . if this is the best , if you can see this movie , then only have the opportunity to enjoy the full fun.imdb rating : 9/10rotten tomatoes rating : 84 % my rating : 8/10
prince harry and megan mark , whose wedding is scheduled for may 19 , invited more than 2,500 public representatives to the ceremony . by the way , the guests were warned in advance : what you will eat and drink , think ahead and bring with you , at the wedding there will be no treats , no opportunity to buy food.prince harry and megan mark have invited 2640 members of the public to their wedding to windsor castle , the guardian edition writes.people seem to be happy for such a unique opportunity , but the warning in the official invitations sent on the eve disappointed a lot . one can understand , if we take into account that the ceremony will last more than 4 hours.prince harry and his future wife , megan mark , said they would give up wedding gifts in favor of charity . the information came from twitter 's kensington palace . garhi and megan decided that if someone wants to make a gift - let him contribute to a charitable organization better . the kensington palace said that prince harry and megan mark are very grateful for the attention given to their subjects since the official statement on engagement . therefore , the couple very much wants other people to feel such good-natured nature .
ingredientspepper bulgarian red - 1 pconion - 2 piecesgarlic - 3 cloveschicken - 1200 golive oil - 2 tbsp.saltpepperpaprika - 2 tbsprice - 200 gwhite dry wine - 175 mltomato in its own juice - 425 gbouillon - 450 ml ( vegetable or chicken ) laurel leaf - 1 pc.olives - 75 gcilantro - 1 bunch ( or parsley ) preparationpepper and onion cut into cubes 1 cm , chop finely.cut olives and cilantro or parsley.chicken cut into 8 equal parts . on warmed oil fry the chicken until golden brown , pre-salt and pepper . then put it on the plate.put pepper , onions and garlic in a frying pan , fry over medium heat for 2-3 minutes , season with salt and pepper to taste.add the dry sweet pepper and rice , stir , lightly fry and pour the wine . stew for 2-3 minutes.then add the tomatoes in your own juice , bay leaf and allow to boil . put the chicken in the frying pan and let it boil . close the foil and put in a preheated oven , simmer at 180 ° c for 50-60 minutes.when the rice is ready , sprinkle with olives and cilantro , top with foil and leave in the oven for 5 minutes.bon appetit !
democratic party lawmaker ted hui chi-fung was arrested on saturday for common assault and dishonest access to a computer , slightly over a week after he snatched a phone from a female civil servant at the hong kong legislature . hui , 36 , had been under police investigation since the incident took place on april 24 . the woman was trying to marshal lawmakers into a meeting to discuss a government bill , but hui felt it was wrong for the government to monitor lawmakers ’ whereabouts . he grabbed her phone and dashed into the men ’s toilet , before emerging minutes later . he then apologised to the woman and the public . on saturday , police said a 36-year-old man , surnamed hui , was arrested in tuen mun in the morning . he is to be taken first to the old wan chai police station on gloucester road , then to police headquarters nearby . he has requested the presence of his lawyer police source the cyber security and technology crime bureau is on the case . “ officers arrested him in tuen mun this morning and took him back to tuen mun police station , ” a police source said . “ he has requested the presence of his lawyer . ” hui is expected to be taken to the police headquarters in wan chai . lam cheuk-ting , a lawmaker from the democratic party , said hui ’s family had alerted party members following the arrest , and that the party would provide hui with legal assistance . former democratic party chairman albert ho chun-yan , who is also a solicitor , said on saturday morning he had been unable to make contact with hui . “ i ’ve been to the police stations in the central and western districts , but have n’t been able to locate him , ” ho added , noting other lawmakers in the party had asked him to help hui . hui had been roundly condemned by government leaders and lawmakers , including members of the pro-democracy camp and his own party . last month he was suspended by his party and now he is facing pressure to resign . on friday , the pro-establishment camp launched the process of trying to get him censured and removed from legco . democratic party chairman wu chi-wai said on saturday the party had anticipated the arrest and would give hui legal assistance . wu would not comment on the charges , including whether the charge of common assault should be dropped if there was no body contact between hui and the officer . “ it would depend on the evidence submitted to the court , hui , and the officer ’s oral statements , ” he said . “ and we will leave it to the court for a fair judgement . ” additional reporting by alvin lum
do you ever have the right to intervene in your children 's choice of friends ? what about when safety is an issue?the territory between the right to choose personal friendships and parental responsibility for children 's safety can be fairly murky . it can certainly fuel some tense family struggles.when a parent asks themselves " is that kid a good friend for my child ? " there is no convenient one-size-fits-all answer . the details of each situation will be different . appropriate responses will depend on factors like the age of the child , the specific nature of the parent 's concern , the values of the families involved and how the parent and child are getting on at the time.what is the heart of your concern ? look at safety first . how do you respond to a friendship that is taking your child into a family home where you have serious concerns for their safety?what effect might it have on your child if they see violence or abuse in their friend 's family ? will the violence spill over to include them ? you need to consider what the risks to your child are , and how you can ensure their safety.it might be that your first reaction is to not want to do anything . you may find it hard to believe , especially if the family concerned does n't fit in with common stereotypes of family violence.once past your disbelief you may feel you want your child to have nothing to do with the situation . cutting off all contact is one option , but it is not the only option.cutting off may not be a very practical option if the children are good friends with lots of activities in common . your child may find themselves torn between going along with what you want and loyalty to their friend . if they see you as an obstacle to their friendship , it may make it harder for them to ask you for help if they find they need it.you might try talking with your child about what they have seen . how did they feel about it ? what does their friend say about it ? is that what they want for their own life ? what do they think about that kind of behaviour?let them know that you are concerned for their safety , and see if you can talk through the different possible ways of dealing with the situation together . ask about their concerns . they may be worried that there will be consequences for their friend . they may worry that action you take will have a negative impact on the friendship itself.you and your child could agree that they see their friend at your place and on neutral territory . you could talk to child , youth and family services or to local community agencies about the situation . there are a range of possibilities and it is important to try to find options that will work , that will be safe , and that help your child to cope with a situation they may find very difficult .
dating after a divorce can seem kind of intimidating . not only have you been ‘ off the market ’ for a little while , but you probably have some baggage that you are carrying along with you . because of this , most men are kind of shy about dating after they get divorced . thing is , the longer you wait and the more you avoid it , the harder it is going to become for you to get out there and have a good time dating again.here are 4 things that you need to know if you are dating again after a divorce : 1 . there are a lot of women that you are going to meet that are in the same position as you are.this is something that you always want to keep in mind , especially if you are a little self conscious about the fact that your marriage ended . nowadays , it ’s not uncommon once you get past your twenties to end up meeting a lot of women who are in the same position that you are in . so , do n’t think that you have to be too secretive about the fact that you are back out there after getting divorced .2 . how you approach a woman makes a huge difference in how she responds to you.if it has been a while since you have been out there and approaching women , then this is an area that you might want to work on . the approach sets everything up and if your approach is not up to snuff , do n’t expect fantastic results in the way that she responds to you . it ’s not that hard to get the approach right , but you definitely want to get it right .3 . do n’t dump all of your baggage on a woman right away.you might have a sad story about the way that your marriage ended and you might have a lot of mixed feelings about things , but you really do not want to dump them on a woman right away . there ’s nothing worse for a woman to go on a date with a guy and have it turn into a ‘ therapy session ’ about how his marriage ended .4 . always flirt with women to get your game back up to snuff.one of the easiest and most effective things that you can do to help yourself get back in the game is to flirt with women whenever you can . when you are out and about during your day , practice flirting with women , even if it ends up meaning nothing in the end . get your game back up to snuff so that you can do well when you really want to get back out there
if you are like most single guys out there , then you probably are a little uneasy about approaching a woman you do not know . approaching women who are complete strangers can be a tough thing for a guy to do , and because of this , most men either do not do it at all , or they start thinking that there must be some “ secret ” way to walk up to a woman and get her talking or get her number . the funny thing about it is , if you are searching for some secret way to walk up to a woman and wow her in an instant , you are probably going to search forever.while there are many things that you can do that will have an almost universal appeal with women , not all women are exactly the same . now , that might seem like a pretty obvious statement , but you might be surprised at how many guys end up thinking that there is one way that fits all women . there ’s not . if you approach a woman the same way all of the time , it ’s not like you are ever going to end up with a 100 percent success rate . that ’s why you need to be able to adapt to situations , and read a woman , so that you can tell what she likes and what works on her.here are a few tips on approaching women that will help you to get it right , even if there is no “ right ” way : 1 . before you walk on over to her , notice her mood.most people wear their heart on their sleeves , meaning , it ’s kind of easy to tell what kind of a mood that they are in . this is important , because if you walk up to a woman when she is obviously having a bad day , you are not going to get the same reaction as you will when she is having a great day . read her face , see how she is holding her body , see if she seems closed off . if she does , then you may even want to move on and forget about her .2 . start off slow , just to get her talking.it ’s a lot easier to read a woman when you have her talking . cold reading is mostly a shot in the dark , though there are some tricks that you can use to get most of your guesses right . still , it is much easier to read a woman when she is comfortable with you and talking and letting herself open up to you . if you start off too fast , then there is a lot better chance that you will end up getting it wrong , and making the wrong moves at the wrong time .3 . make sure that she sees that you are indeed confident in yourself.confidence is one of the most powerful things to attract women , but it has to come off being real and not like you are trying to fake it . women have a much different way of responding to a confident guy than they do when they know that a guy is unsure of himself . when you come off as being unsure of yourself , she knows that she has the “ power ” in the situation and that is not always a good way to start things off .
have you ever known a guy who was a serial dater ? meaning , it always seemed like he had a woman to date , no matter the time or the place ? there are lots of guys like that out there , but they are still by far in the minority of men . most guys struggle to get dates , and it almost does n’t seem fair that some guys , guys that look just like you - have no problems at all getting dates with women . how would you like to know what their secrets are?now , you may not want to become a serial dater , you may not be interested in dating lots of women . still , since most guys struggle to get dates and even just getting attention from women , it ’s probably not a bad idea to at least get a handle on what makes it so easy for them.here are 3 secrets of serial daters that will get women to start paying attention to you : 1 . they know that it ’s all in the vibe that you project.two guys can walk into a club looking basically the same , wearing the same clothes , and if they hold themselves differently , they are going to get different amounts of attention . the guy that projects the vibe that he is confident , fun to be around , and knows how to have a good time is almost always going to pull more female eyes his way than the guy that looks a little out of place , a little insecure . project the right vibe and women pay attention .2 . they know that it ’s not the clothes that make the man , it ’s the way that you wear the clothes.it ’s not nearly as important what kind of clothes you are wearing , it ’s whether or not you are wearing them with style . there ’s a big difference in just putting on an outfit and putting on a style . style has pizzaz , it has flavor , it attracts eyes wherever it goes . that ’s what you need to do if you want to get women to pay attention to you .3 . they know that when you break it down , it ’s a numbers game.like i said , you may not be interested in becoming a player , a serial dater , or anything like that . still , you have to know that it ’s a numbers game . when you know that it ’s a numbers game , you do n’t get hung up on just one woman . and when women can sense that you have that kind of carefree attitude , they love it .
the kakslauttanen arctic resort in finland brings winter to life with options that allow you to enjoy all that the snowy season has to offer . but that ’s not to say there ’s not more than enough to do during the summer as well . any time of the year , the kakslauttanen arctic resort has plenty to offer . perhaps most novel about the resort is their glass igloos . as the name suggests , these igloos are made of glass , giving you an all-directions — left , right , forward , backward , and , of course , up — view of the world . this view is especially spectacular during the winter . snow banks up against the walls of the igloo , providing an interesting and stark contrast to the warmth and comfort of the igloo ’s interior . the glass ceiling opens up the night sky , which is even more incredible in finland , where , for eight months of the year , they enjoy the first light show : the aurora borealis ( aka the northern lights ) . no worries about privacy , though . the igloos provide a private bathroom . if you ’re feeling a little more adventurous , you might consider the snow cave cabins . these accommodations are literally dug out of a snow bank . even if the temperature outside dips below minus 40 degrees centigrade , the snow caves stay a consistent minus three to minus six . there are plenty of other options for accommodations . activities abound as well — caribou and dog sleds , ice and lake fishing , gold panning , hikes , sightseeing … the list goes on and on .
home » heart health » reduce your risk of 3 serious health problems by changing this one habit what if we told you that you could reduce your risk of diabetes and heart disease by simply changing one daily habit ? you probably would n’t believe us , but one regular habit that many of us have has been linked to a higher risk of heart disease , diabetes , and obesity.so , what is this common habit that ’s putting our health at risk ? it ’s tv watching . researchers have linked prolonged tv watching — or a sedentary lifestyle — with a higher risk of heart disease , obesity , and diabetes . to reduce the harmful effects of prolonged sitting , it ’s advised that you get up for frequent moving breaks . so far , a sedentary lifestyle has been linked to accelerated aging , cancer , and blood clots . the researchers at the university of turku followed individuals who were transitioning from the workforce into retirement to determine if this transition could influence bad habits like prolonged sitting versus free time . the researchers found that the daily amount of sitting increased over time from four to six hours and tv viewing also increased as a result . sitting increases were seen higher among women , those who sat for their job , those with a low physical activity level , those who suffered from sleep disorders and mental health issues , and those who had poor health prior to retirement . the simple answer to this problem is to simply sit less and move more , but for some people , this can be challenging . therefore , if you are bound to sitting , then ensuring you ’re moving in this position can also help . for example , you can lift your arms or legs , wiggle your toes , and stretch . it ’s also a good idea while sitting to tap your feet on the ground as if you were running on the spot . you can do this for 30 seconds at a time . finding ways to move more while sitting along with taking those necessary breaks to move around can help reduce the harmful effects of prolonged sitting .
the procedure of hair dyeing can radically change your image . but how to properly care for bright curls?use hair care products specially designed for dyed hair . they prevent the washing of the paint and further moisturize the hair . as a rule , after coloring the hair becomes tougher . balsams and conditioners for dyed hair make it softer and help restore the damaged structure.try to wash your head with warm water ! using hot water results in a quick loss of color . you also need to take into account that red shades are washed away from hair faster.try to use hair styling measures only when necessary - they aggregate the hair and make the color dull . protect your hair from direct sunlight , because the dyed hair burns out in the sun much stronger.use masks and rinse for hair based on folk recipes , they will strengthen your hair and add extra luster to it . for dyed hairs very useful honey masks , as well as a mask of black bread . broths of wood , chamomile , hops can rinse hair with light shades . for dark hair , decoctions of oak , nettles , onions are suitable .
ingredients for 4 servings young courgettes -100 gryoung potatoes -100 grbroccoli -80 grbulgarian pepper -80 grtomatoes -60 grgreen pea - 50 grbulb onions -60 grmilk -200 mlhard cheese -50 grolive oil -30 grspices : dry - 0.5 csalt - tastecooking methodfirst you need to prepare vegetables : wash them , cut out the tomatoes and pepper stems , remove the seeds from the peppers . onions and potatoes clean , zucchini young , because they do not need to be cleaned . broccoli is divided into inflorescences . potatoes , zucchini , tomatoes and onions cut into slices . bulgarian peppers are narrow slices . in the baking dish , put the bottom layer of potato slices , onions , then zucchini , the next layer - tomatoes . on top mixed with broccoli , peppercorns and green peas . vegetables sprinkle with salt , spices to your taste - i prefer curry ( sometimes instead of sprinkling vegetables with provencal herbs ) . pour the contents of the mold with milk , pour olive oil.put the form with the future casserole in a preheated to 180 degree oven for 30 minutes ( until the vegetables are ready ) . 5 minutes before the meal , sprinkle the casserole with grated cheese on a large grater . serve hot . bon appetit !
manipulators , whether they know it or not , play on people ’s fears , doubts , and wishes . but their meanest method is playing on the higher feelings : love , gratitude , duty , and hope.however , you should n’t become senseless and unsympathetic when trying to avoid manipulations.now i 've seen everything is here to share with you some of the most common tricks used by manipulators , as well as ways to stand up to them and protect your own interests.guilta person feeling guilty will do all it takes to compensate for the damage done by them . and that is exactly what the manipulator , imposing the feeling of guilt , needs.are you really that guilty ? and are n’t you taking on too much by feeling responsible for another person ’s emotional state ? his reaction is his choice . even if you did something wrong , apologize sincerely , but never let the manipulator control you.fear of losing facea manipulator can provoke you not only for profit but also to amuse their ego , feel their power , or just have some fun . victims are usually insecure people because their fear of losing face is the strongest.first , think whether you really need it . and do n’t fall for provocative statements — you are not stronger than you are , you are not almighty . and that ’s nothing to be ashamed of . you should n’t put yourself at risk for the sake of preserving some dubious image.a sense of dutya sense of duty is most commonly and most successfully abused by close relatives and friends . and they are the type of manipulators that can spoil your life the most.it ’s important to understand the limits of your abilities . you do have to help , but that does n’t automatically mean that you have to suffer and give up on your own needs . of course , it ’s hard to turn down a close person . however , it is possible to find middle ground and help your friend or relative without hurting your own interests.fear of being rejectedby constantly blackmailing their partner , a manipulator gets lots of benefits for a promise to stay with them and love them back . they abuse their victim ’s fear of being rejected.even if love can be bought , it can only be bought with love , not for any kind of material goods or endless services . it ’s important to learn to respect yourself . never forget that you deserve selfless love and friendship.a sense of gratitudea sense of gratitude can be abused endlessly with reminders about one service you ’ve done for that person every time you need something from them . and many manipulators , consciously or not , use this.if it ’s inconvenient for you to fulfill someone ’s request , you do n’t have to do it . find a way to pay your friend back that is comfortable for you , and do n’t fall for unfair manipulations.pitythese sly dogs play on other peoples ’ kindness and compassion . they are usually not doing any worse than others , but they play on your feelings so masterfully that you become willing to help the unhappy fellow.compliment the manipulator . if they try to shift their work to you , claiming they ’re suffering from it , tell them that such a talented person like them can do it much better than you , and you believe in them . say it sincerely , and you will not only prevent manipulations but also make a good impression.fear of lonelinessmany people stay with a rude person they do n’t love but just tolerate because they are afraid to become completely lonely . the manipulator lowers their victim ’s self-esteem , making it harder for them to escape the fear of loneliness and break free.believe in yourself , respect yourself , and love yourself . that is the only way you can assess other people ’s attitude to you and avoid falling into the trap of fear of loneliness.shameshame is an agonizing sense of inferiority and incorrectness of your actions . a person is usually willing to do all it takes to avoid this feeling , and that , of course , is masterfully abused by manipulators.if someone is diligently trying to shame you , you ’d better start worrying . because if you ’ve made a mistake , you can apologize and correct it . and , of course , you should n’t feel shame for not meeting someone ’s expectation . your shame is only good for your manipulators to control you.hopehope manipulations . the liar promises the moon to you and claims they will change their behavior in no time . but all they want are momentary benefits that the victim , touched by their good intentions , can give them.don ’ t believe their words . look at their real actions . set concrete deadlines , and make certain demands . do n’t let hollow hopes change your thoughts and plans.vaingloryhow do vanity manipulations work ? a basic example is the fable of the fox and the crow . it might seem like an innocent compliment , but what the manipulator really wants is not to please you.before agreeing to the flatterer ’s request , evaluate your own interests , abilities , and wishes . and a nice “ you ’re the only one capable of performing this task “ can be answered with ” thank you , it ’s a pleasure for me to hear that you think so . however , i have other plans . " illustrated by daniil shubinwe ’d love to hear your views on this …
hello friends . all of you are welcomed with auspicious benefits . friends , today 's life is so disorganized that neither we nor our health care , nowadays , the man is not aware of your health at any time , due to which various diseases lead to the human body made their house.nowadays , fast food has become so effective that cholesterol is increasing daily in the the body , due to this cholesterol , hundreds of people die due to a heart attack . friends , this enhanced cholesterol blocks your nerves , due to which the blood flowing in it starts stopping . from today , i will tell you one side . after adopting it , your kidney will be completely cleared within 4 days . let 's know about that measurement : - for this remedy , you will need the attraction of cream . this raisin should not be very solid or very soft , you must take 150 grams of water with alcohol in this bowl . now this water should be lightened slightly . in this hot water , add the raisins and heat for a while . now , take this hot water and stay this way for the night.the next morning , after this water dipping , it is a little lukewarm and drinks it . you have to do it for 4 consecutive days after that you will find that your fast and kidney will become very clear . by which you will get relief in constipation , digestion etc. friends , when you take these measures , keep an eye on the fact that you should not take too much fat food.i hope you have been told this idea to us . if this is the case , please , please share it and do not comply with us . thank you .
with the right choice of clothing , you can look thinner and more attractive at a glance , and you can also visually add pounds visually to the wrong one.below , we will reveal which fashion trends you do not need to follow if you want to finally hide this excess kilogram.transparent and net clothingtransparent and mesh additionally emphasize ' problematic ' parts like stomach , arm and thighs . however , if you do not want to give up such clothes , then wear it subtle - for example , under the netted tunics , wear a shirt without straps.wide clothesoversize has been in the trend for several seasons , and for their cut are using softer and more relaxed silhouettes , rounded shoulders , fluttering skirts and wide sleeves similar to long-popular bat batches . however , the combination of wider shirts and broader cutters can visually add kilograms . a much better choice is the tight jeans in combination with some broad blouse.impressive printswe do not recommend wearing impressive prints if you want to look thinner . if you still want , then wear only one garment with a bold print in a blurred or earthy tone . do not mix prints unless they are more open.slits on the waist areastraps with slits on the waist area are excellent for women with a sundial figure and prominent abdomen . however , women with a pear-shaped body or some pound should avoid these dresses . if you already have a desire for slippers , choose the one that reveals the hands and the upper part of the back.yellow , bright orange , light purple , bright red and similar colorsbypass these widespread colors if you want to remove some kilograms from your clothes . however , fashion accessories in these colors are more than desirable .
jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood { " width " : 1110 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda18b93c0a697ce " , " height " : 1867 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda1923f409619d8 " , " height " : 2213 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1142 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda1be1e00a4e971 " , " height " : 1816 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1159 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda1face00953d17 " , " height " : 1790 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1149 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda20f514091bb27 " , " height " : 1804 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda21b07c09dc286 " , " height " : 2213 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda21b05c0939f26 " , " height " : 2269 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda2df87c0a49d3f " , " height " : 2210 , " description " : " jessica alba seen after a lunch with friends in west hollywood " }
jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda5041dc0953696 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda52e4580911f40 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda5318fc093b4e5 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda4471f41915762 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda44f4840a4af29 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda4548180a4c00e " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda4598cc092820c " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda46fa7409ca182 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda47240c0954582 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jessica alba leaving bristol farms in beverly hills " }
sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda7c0c140a24809 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda7da67c0a506b7 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda7dda7c096e3f4 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda7e21cc0a66b6b " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda73a6900a2faa1 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda74d1480a7fbc2 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda757478096ed00 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda75ab8c0a7969b " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda75e5a00a1f241 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda762100091e6d4 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda7707cc0a125d8 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda773c48093df7f " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda788d280972afd " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda79a16c0a6410b " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda79d4481a621dd " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " sofia vergara seen after a gym workout in beverly hills " }
jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda9de0c00910396 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda9e031419a7a09 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aeda9e29fc196e1b3 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedaa16d380944971 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedaa1ac200962a7a " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedaa1dc700945051 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedaa2cea41956c28 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez night out , arrives at catch la in west hollywood " }
some celebrities unfollow their exes and purge all their photos with them after breakup ( calvin harris after taylor swift , the weeknd after selena gomez , etc. ) channing tatum is n't the type . since he and jenna dewan announced their separation last month , tatum has still been liking most of her instagrams , 7 out of the 12 she has posted since their statement . his last " like " was last night , when she posted the cover of her first interview post-split , where she talked about their enduring friendship . dewan , meanwhile , has been supportive but a little more conservative with her liking . she liked just one of tatum 's seven post-statement instas . they both still follow each other , which really cements the tone their statement set : that they remain loving and supportive of the other and are devoted co-parents to their daughter everly . this is not an ugly breakup.dewan said so much in her new vegas interview , her first post-split . she told the publication that she and tatum would always remain friends . “ we started out as friends , and i would say it was an instant recognition , ” dewan said . “ when we met [ on the set of step up in 2005 ] , it felt like we had known each other for many years . ultimately , no matter what chan and i are doing , we ’re really great friends . i think that will never change , no matter what . " dewan was also seen wearing her wedding ring this week while at the nbc press day for world of dance , however little or much that means . she was previously photographed without it : us weekly did report on april 20 that tatum is feeling the split . “ channing definitely misses jenna , ” a source told the outlet . but the consensus among tabloids and their sources was that their romance turned more into friendship . people additionally reported on may 1 that the two do still spend time together , though mostly with their daughter . “ jenna is still on good terms with channing , ” people 's source said . “ they get along . they spend some time together as a family , but mostly separately with everly . ” tatum and dewan set the tone they 'd remain a family in their original statement , when they wrote : " we have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple . we fell deeply in love so many years ago and have had a magical journey together . absolutely nothing has changed about how much we love each other , but love is a beautiful adventure that is taking us on different paths for now . there are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision — just two best friends realizing it 's time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous , fulfilled lives as possible . we are still a family and will always be loving , dedicated parents to everly . we wo n't be commenting beyond this , and we thank you in advance for respecting our family 's privacy . "
jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedadd1320092e979 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedae567b40a613da " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedad1b2fc097f55e " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedad2c91c0a2130c " , " height " : 2204 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedad388600a4a5fd " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedad3cc840932d50 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedad3f2000960cfc " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedad4239c0a1efe0 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedae09048b939985 " , " height " : 2204 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " } { " width " : 1470 , " web_uri " : " 005aedae1f2440a7e852 " , " height " : 2205 , " description " : " jennifer lopez with her sister lynda out in new york city " }
with two weeks remaining until prince harry marries meghan markle fashion fanatics and inquiring minds are eager to see the actress walk down the aisle in the wedding dress fit for a princess . she is wearing the hand-stitched , heavily beaded design by ralph &amp; russo to walk down the aisle at st george 's chapel in front of 600 guests - and an estimated billion tv viewers worldwide - as well as for the reception being held afterwards by the queen in st george 's hall at windsor castle she will later change into a second dress.just like all previous royal weddings , such as the duchess of cambridge and prince harry wife kate middleton , prince harry 's mother princess diana and also the queen of england queen elizabeth ii everyone will have their eyes on the gown.a source revealed , " meghan has recruited ralph &amp; russo to make the first of two gowns she 'll wear come may 19 . and hundreds of hours of manpower have gone into making it , almost all by hand . haute couture fashion house is based in london and incredibly well-known for their bridal designs . " another source revealed that the dress would cost around £ 100,000 , which will be met by prince harry and his family privately.kensington palace too revealed new details about the royal wedding , which included that harry and meghan , will not go on a honeymoon until later in the summer and they will also have their first public engagement as man and wife days after their wedding.though it is not yet confirmed if prince philip would be attending the wedding as he recently had his knee replaced . but meghan 's father was spotted getting fitted for his suit for the wedding , while it is also reported that thomas markle will walk meghan down the aisle on her big day .
one king had a servant . the servant always said to the king in any situation , " king mister , never mind . because everything god does is perfect and correct . " once the king was hunted with the servant himself , he was attacked by a violent animal . even if the king 's servant can kill the animal , then the king will lose one of his fingers . in anger , the king was angry with the anger of the servant and said , " if allah is good , then today i would not have lost my finger while hunting . " the servant said , " even after all this , i will only tell you that allah always does good and right things ; do not make any mistakes.the king was disturbed by this word and ordered the king to send him to jail.then one day the king again came out hunting . now he is captured by a group of wild people . they used to sacrifice people for their gods.when the king was sacrificed , they saw that the king did not have a finger . they did not agree to offer such a deaf person to their gods . so they left the kingwhen he returned , he ordered that the old servant be released.he brought the servant and said , " allah is really good . " i got the proof today , i 'm almost todayi was sitting dead . but because of not having a finger , i could return to life . " but i have a question . it is good to understand that allah is good . but why did he fill me in jail ? " the servant said , " rajamshai , if i were with you today , then instead of your life i would have been sacrificed today.you did not have a finger , but i had it . therefore , what allah does is right , he never makes any mistakes.storytelling - everything has positive , negative aspects of everything . never be disappointed , if you do not get success in anything , think positive . do not think about what has happened because of not being successful , and see what has been done .
it 's the end of an era ! kind of!blake lively has officially returned her instagram to normal — including re-following husband ryan reynolds . phew!in what turned out the whole thing was a publicity stunt for her movie , a simple favor , blake unfollowed everyone ( including ryan ! ) and only followed about 30 women named emily nelson , which is the name of blake 's character in the movie . she also hid all of her other posts , and only kept one video up — a trailer for the movie . well , no blake is back and so are her posts and so is this new image of her in a cute-ass outfit that i 'm coveting hardcore.in the caption she wrote , " reuploading my page and loving this excuse to post this outfit from last month that i forgot to post the next day . because after a couple days it ’s strange to post , like you ’re hung up on how awesome you were 2 days ago . which highlights how lame you are now by comparison to how cool you were when you wore that amazing outfit . so you wait a week or so for a #tbt . but then you realize it ’s way too soon for a #tbt , what were you thinking ??! you should ’ve just posted the next day ! ! what are you gon na do now ?!? you ca n’t let that outfit go unposted ! and then you realize something even more important — you ’ve lost your cool entirely . thanks social media . you ’ve officially taken my chill . " ( #veryrelatable #celebsarejustlikeus #socialmediaisaplague ) now blake only follows ryan and one emily nelson — and that emily appears to be her character from a simple favor . so , yeah . it was an extended publicity bit that we all fell for and yay i love what 's news in 2018 bless up technology !
businessman richard guttfield came home from work recently to every pet owner 's ultimate nightmare . an amazon delivery driver had stolen wilma , guttfield 's black miniature schnauzer , after dropping off a bag of dog food at guttfield 's home . per cnbc , guttfield had a difficult time getting amazon to respond about wilma 's plight — that is , until he emailed ceo jeff bezos , a man whose sizable muscles are matched only by his love for lost miniature schnauzers . apparently . after guttfield emailed bezos , amazon assigned someone to track the offending driver . eventually , their search was successful , and they were able to return wilma to guttfield . amazon told cnbc that wilma 's dognapper will not be given an opportunity to strike again — at least not during an amazon delivery . " this is inexcusable and does not reflect the high standards we have for our delivery partners , " a spokesperson said . " we take these matters seriously and this individual is no longer delivering amazon packages for the independent delivery service provider . " we assume jeff bezos now has a photo of wilma framed on his desk .
gird your heart loins , because here 's some more happy-sad news about the jenna dewan and channing tatum split ! jenna is the cover story for the 15th anniversary edition of vegas magazine and in the interview , she talks about meeting channing tatum on the set of step up . “ we started out as friends , and i would say it was an instant recognition , ” she said . “ when we met it felt like we had known each other for many years . ” she shared that even though their romantic relationship is over , their friendship remains : “ ultimately , no matter what chan and i are doing , we ’re really great friends . i think that will never change , no matter what . ” jenna also talked about returning to her dance roots as the host of world of dance . “ it fulfills my soul on a level that most work and jobs do not because dance is my true passion , ” she said . she continued : “ it ’s always been something at the root of who i am ; it ’s in my blood . i did not see this job coming , and i did n’t know what to expect because i never really had the intention of hosting , ever . [ but ] i ’m in a place in my life where i ’m ready to say yes . ”“ being a dancer , you ’re ingrained with this mentality to make it work , and you can do it all , but as i matured … and had a child , i ’ve realized that you do the things you ’re meant to do , ” she said . “ you have to protect that and trust that even though you ’re saying no to things , there are a ton of other , better yeses that will be coming . ” jenna and channing announced their separation on april 2 . “ we have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple . we fell deeply in love so many years ago and have had a magical journey together . absolutely nothing has changed about how much we love one another , but love is a beautiful adventure that is taking us on different paths for now , ” the statement read . “ there are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision — just two best-friends realizing it ’s time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous , fulfilled lives as possible . we are still a family and will always be loving dedicated parents to everly . we wo n’t be commenting beyond this , and we thank you all in advance for respecting our family ’s privacy . ”
your kitchen never has enough free space to cook . until now . these storage will free up your space on kitchen.a wooden bar cart that transforms into a table and chairs that 's the equivalent of a kitchen furniture matryoshka doll on wheels.hang cooking utensils right where you need them . crocks of spoons and spatulas are easy to grab , but they get in the way . in this kitchen a few workhorse utensils hang neatly over the stove.ditch the cardboard boxes and plastic bags that go with your cereal , snacks and dry goods . they 're ugly , take up lots of space and do n't keep your food fresh . instead , opt for glass jars or airtight food storage containers.removable under cabinet knife drawer . perfect place to store your knives , and get them off the counter . neatly organize your cutting boards , bakeware and more . boards stay tucked away ( but wo n't stop your cabinet from closing ) in this clever storage spot . if you 're in the market for a new sink , consider one that truly makes your life easier . make your sink do triple-duty . such a sink has mini ledges inside the sink , so you can easily pop in a drying rack , wash pan , or cutting board , making use of that 36-inch space normally reserved for stacking dirty dishes . forget trying to stack pots and pans in the cabinet . build this easy diy pot rack to increase storage space and better organize your kitchen.give magazines a new home . unearth your favorite cooking mags from the pile of junk mail , and give them a dedicated place in your kitchen.move the microwave down low . your microwave can take up a huge chunk of precious counter space , but it 's not the type of thing you can pull in and out of a cupboard every time you want to use it . stick it in your island.there 's nothing that cramps your granite 's style like a row of ripped cereal boxes . a solution with a handy pull-out cabinet loaded with matching bins from the container store . you have an over-the-door organizer for your shoes , but you really need one for your pantry . just think : with those shelves clear , you 've got room to stow that blender and crock-pot . keep your kitchen craziness together with a magnetic organization board . make it easy to keep track of shopping lists , coupons and receipts with clips .
yellowstone national park ’s steamboat geyser erupted three times between march and april , and the national park service released a timelapse video of the most recent eruption on friday , may 4 . the three eruptions are the first since 2014 . the video from april 27 incident condenses one hour of activity into under 30 seconds and shows a large steam cloud . steamboat geyser is the tallest active geyser – spewing steam up to 300 feet high – but it can go through long periods of inactivity and is erratic in its eruptions , unlike the well-known and more regular old faithful geyser in the park.the first and second eruptions were detected on march 15 and april 19 , though no one was in the vicinity to witness the eruption , the us geological survey ( usgs ) said . an observer was in the vicinity for the third eruption.it ’s not the first time there have been multiple eruptions at steamboat in any one year , according to the usgs . activity in 2003 was during a thermal disturbance in the norris geyser basin , but it ’s unclear if there is a thermal disturbance currently in the basin , the agency said . credit : national park service via storyful
you do n't need to take the kids on a luxury cruise or go on a family expedition to the park just to play a few games of shuffleboard . you can actually play the game in your very own backyard . here 's a quick " how to " guide on creating your own shuffleboard area at home.where to buy materialsmuch of the necessary equipment for constructing a shuffleboard playing area is available via online stores or your local diy outlet . shuffleboards , weights and wax to talc and shakers , can be found online from an online shuffleboard shop ( check out shuffleboard federation for reliable retailers ) . how to build the shuffleboard areafirst , measure out the space available to determine the type of table suitable for your purpose . then select a table and clear the space so the table can sit flat on the area . tables generally range in size from 9 to 22 feet and vary in price ( from about $ 800 upwards ) . they are made from many types of materials , from all-weather products to quality woods . if you live in an area with frequent rain or snow , you may want to consider putting the shuffleboard play area together under a covering or into a rec room / games room . alternatively there 's always the court type shuffleboard playing area which is more of a do-it-yourself approach . simply create a court area by paving the ground and rolling out a shuffleboard plastic cover which you can by at most retailers from about $ 90 . playing the gameif you remember the rules of shuffleboard - you 're all set ... just explain it to your kids and have fun . otherwise download a simple guide to shuffleboard from the net and read up on the rules , then explain to your kids . shuffleboard is a fantastic family and party game that you can play over many years ( once you 've got the equipment ) . it 's also still quite rare to have in your backyard ... so if you want to impress your neighbors and friends - shuffleboard is it !
i doubt that there is a man alive who wants to get rejected by a woman . it has to be one of the most common dating fears that men have , even if it does n’t usually get talked about too much . when it does happen , you probably start to find yourself trying to figure out why it happened and if there is anything that you can do so that it does n’t happen to you again . i have read many of the theories that some dating advice experts hand out , and while some of them are spot on , some of them are actually way off base as to why men get rejected by women . it can all be summed up in one sentence.she does n’t feel attracted to you.here are 2 reasons why she might not feel that attraction that she needs to feel for you : 1 . she feels like you are way too needy or way too clingy and she does n’t like that one bit.most women do n’t want to date a guy who is going to act like he needs to be around her all of the time . most women want men who know how to do their own thing and do n’t need her support to feel good . plain and simple , most women want to meet guys who act like guys and when you come across as being way too clingy or needy - she starts to question how much of a “ man ” you really are . you do n’t want her to question that at all .2 . you use the wrong methods or techniques to try and make her attracted to you.like it or not , if you are using the wrong methods or techniques to try and make a woman feel attracted to you , then it ’s not going to happen . you ca n’t expect it to . this is why it is so important that you learn the right methods for making a woman feel attracted to you . otherwise , you ca n’t get too net out of shape when you find that nothing you are doing is working.there are plenty more reasons why women will reject a guy , but if you can work on the above 2 reasons , you should be a lot better off than most men are . of course , you may want to discover more advanced ways to make a woman want you .
when it comes to dating and meeting women , mindset is about the biggest obstacle that most guys have . there are tons of different techniques that you can learn that will help you get better results , but nothing will give you the quantum leap that changing your mindset about dating and attracting women will . pay close attention , because just a simple shift in the way that you think about things can bring you drastically different results.here are some tips on how to attract women with the right mindset : 1 . pursue women to enhance your life , not to fill voids.when most guys pursue a woman , it ’s because they are lonely or sad and they think that by meeting the right woman , they will suddenly feel fulfilled and happy . well , that might work temporarily , but it will also work against you . for one , you are going to give off the wrong kind of vibe if you are trying to fill a void . and two , you are basically setting yourself up to be emotionally dependent on a woman , which is a recipe for disaster . instead of trying to fill a void , you want to have the mindset where women will enhance an already good life .2 . you want to feel as though there is no reason why a woman would reject you.now , of course , you never can have a 100 percent success rate . but , most guys approach women with the mindset that she probably will reject them unless they flatter her and suck up and try their best to show her that they will treat her like a princess . instead , you want to have the mindset where you feel as though you are in control of the situation , there is no reason she would reject you , and if she does , then the reason probably has to do more with her and not with you .3 . never feel as though women are scarce.look around sometime , really open your eyes and see how many attractive women there are . when you pursue women as though they are scarce , you will end up putting up with behaviors that you normally would n’t all because you feel as though you have to . for example , guys that feel they really are limited when it comes to meeting women are usually the ones that end up spending lots of money , putting up with a woman ’s crazy mood swings , and acting like a doormat . women are not scarce , there are lots of them out there . keep that in mind when pursuing women .
garlic is a natural medicine that is very beneficial for our body . it can solve many problems of the body . every day its consumption proves very helpful in keeping the body healthy . in our daily dining we can put garlic in many ways to eat it in vegetables , raw or roasted , but the most beneficial is roasted . roasted garlic gives a lot of benefit to the body , and for the men , roasted is not less than boon.garlic mardo is the solution to many problems research by the american heart association found that chemicals are present in garlic , which is very beneficial for men 's health . you can learnresearch has shown that there is an allison in which blood circulation gets faster , so it prevents diseases such as hypertension and sugar . stemina increases with roasted garlic , which brings many properties in the body . 2 . according to a research , there is also selimum in garlic . vitamins present in the quality of sperm removes the flaws of the body . nowadays many people suffer from the problem of weak fertility . thus , this problem can be overcome by eating roasted garlic before sleeping at night .
christina aguilera has a new song dropping with ty dolla $ ign and 2 chainz . her new album liberation is set to release june 15 and has a song with a hip-hop , r &amp; b vibe “ accelerate ” that recently had an early release . “ to me , there ’s nothing like an amazing hip-hop beat , ” aguilera told billboard . the song features ty dolla $ ign and 2 chainz , she said “ i love 2 chainz ’s part . ” this will be aguilera ’s first album in six years . she ’s been preoccupied with the voice , which she said is a “ churning hamster wheel . ” when asked if she ’d return to the voice , she said it “ was n’t what she signed up for ” and was n’t “ about the music . ” aguilera ’s children , who are 10 and and three years old , were a reason for her to stay on the voice , but now since leaving the show she ’s excited about showing them “ what mommy really does . ” kayne west coproduced “ accelerate ” and “ maria , ” and aguilera said she “ always been a fan ” of him . “ outside of , you know , his controversial aspects , i just think he ’s a great artist and music maker and beatmaker . the artists that he chooses to pluck from different walks of life are so interesting . ” recently , west went on a twitter rant voicing his support of donald trump and called slavery “ a choice . ” his actions have grabbed the attention of his fans and friends such as chance the rapper and the president himself . aguilera has n’t spoken to west recently . she is excited about her career moving forward and touring . she said , “ this needs to happen ” and she is “ looking forward to getting back out [ there ] . ”
ingredientsround bun - 3 piecesminced beef - 150 gmustard - 1 tbsponions - 0.5 pcs.mayonnaise - 1 tbspsunflower oil - 2 tbsptomato - 1 piecelettuce - 3 leavesonions red - 0,5 pcs.seasoning hops-suneli - 1 pinchcheese gouda - 50 gegg - 1 piecesaltpreparation 1 onions cut into small cubes . we combine in a bowl ground beef , onion , egg , salt and hops-suneli . thoroughly mix . on the food film lay out flat cutlets of the same diameter as buns .2 cover with a film and put it in the freezer to ensure that the cutlets are better kept in shape when frying . cut the bun along into 2 pieces . stir mayonnaise with mustard .3 in a frying pan with vegetable oil fry the slices of buns to a ruddy crust . cool the buns . spread the slices with the prepared sauce .4 cut the tomato into round slices . on the heated frying pan with vegetable oil we lay out cutlets from the freezer ( when they just grabbed ) .5 fry the cutlets for 5-7 minutes on one side , turn it over , cover it and continue to fry for another 5-7 minutes on the other side .6 rinse and dry with a paper towel lettuce leaves and lay them on the bottom of the rolls .7 we put the cutlet on top of the salad . cover with a slice of cheese . on top put a slice of tomato and a ring of red onions . cover the top of the bun and the cheeseburger is ready.bon appetit !
“ a band done ” – after a former bandmate talks kevin into reuniting with their old band , smokefish , with hopes of making it big , vanessa realizes a chance encounter with the band in her past changed the course of her life , on the second season finale of kevin can wait , monday , may 7 ( 8:00-8:30 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . sal governale from “ the howard stern show ” guest stars as lance , a music manager . kevin can wait season 2 episode 24 photos a band done.kevin can wait stars kevin james as a retired police officer who is setting out on a fresh career path as he rises to the challenge of being a newly single dad . his kids , sara , jack and kendra , are grateful to him for making sure they ’re ok but decide it ’s time for him to get out of the house , so they turn to vanessa , his former police partner , for help.vanessa has left the force to launch her own private security firm , and she makes kevin an offer he ca n’t refuse – to be her new business partner . although the job is n’t always glamorous and they rarely see eye to eye , kevin and vanessa share an undeniable bond from their years working together . also , kendra and her fiancé , chale , face issues of their own , including becoming newlyweds and figuring out how they will support themselves . once again , life has thrown kevin some curveballs , so his dreams of an early retirement will just have to wait a little longer , and his family will always come first.instagram : @kevincanwaitcbsregular cast : kevin james ( kevin gable ) leah remini ( vanessa cellucci ) taylor spreitler ( kendra gable ) mary-charles jones ( sara gable ) james digiacomo ( jack gable ) ryan cartwright ( chale ) gary valentine ( kyle ) leonard earl howze ( goody ) recurring cast : chris roach ( mott ) bas rutten ( rootger ) guest cast : michael delguidice ( ronnie ) sal governale ( lance ) steffiana de la cruz ( lil ) brian sears ( joey ) written by : michael loftusdirected by : andy fickmankevin can wait season 2 episode 24 photos a band done “ a band done ” — after a former bandmate talks kevin into reuniting with their old band , smokefish , with hopes of making it big , vanessa realizes a chance encounter with the band in her past changed the course of her life , on the second season finale of kevin can wait , monday , may 7 ( 8:00-8:30 pm , et/pt ) on the cbs television network . sal governale from “ the howard stern show ” guest stars as lance , a music manager . pictured : kevin james , ryan cartwright , taylor spreitler . photo : david m. russell/cbs ã  â © 2018 cbs broadcasting , inc. all rights reserved
syria , may 5 . more than a hundred igilovites were destroyed during the operation of the saa to the south of damascus . the us coalition air force resumed bombing in the province of hasaka . the saa is destroying trenches and barricades of militants in the north of homs , reports a military source of the federal news agency ( fan ) in syria , ahmad marzouq.briefly about the outcome of the confrontationvks rf : together with the syrian air force hit on the strong points of an-nusra *** in the south of idlib.the syrian arab army ( saa ) and allied forces : continue to advance in the hajar al-aswad area south of damascus ; sent 33 buses with militants from damascus to idlib ; began to destroy traces of the presence of islamists in the north of homs.syrian free army ** ( ssa ) : underwent another attack by khalid ibn al-walid in the south-west of dar ' a. " islamic state " 1 : lost at least a hundred terrorists in battles with the saa south of the capital ; organized an explosion in the province of al-anbar in iraq . " tahrir al-sham " : was attacked by the air force of the ats in the southern part of idlib.international coalition : resumed bombing in the province of hasakaprovince of damascusmap of the military operations - damascusafter the southern part of the region of hajar al-aswad passed under the control of the syrian arab army ( saa ) , sar troops began to clear the north of the block . as reported by the information portal al masdar news , led by the 105th brigade of the saa , government units managed to occupy the power station , the school building , and several building blocks . recall support for the forces of the sar is provided by palestinian paramilitary groups and the national defense forces ****** ( ndf ) . during the fighting , the terrorist group continues to bear casualties in the army . thus , since the beginning of the armed confrontation in the south of damascus , more than a hundred igil terrorists1 have been destroyed . the syrian human rights monitoring center ( sohr ) reports this . according to military sources amn , soon parts of the sar intend to attack the area of the camp " al-yarmuk . " meanwhile , 33 buses with militants and members of their families left the southern territories of damascus and headed for idlib province . as previously reported , the islamists who held the settlements of babila , yalda and beit sahm , accepted the terms of the peace agreement with the authorities of the syrian arab republic and voluntarily surrendered their positions and weapons.the syrian arab army ( saa ) began to destroy trenches and barricades of militants of the armed opposition in the rastanese cauldron , the news agency al masdar news reports . recall that most islamists agreed to capitulate and stop the fighting in exchange for unimpeded evacuation to the north of syria . the radicals handed over all their weapons and armored vehicles to the russian military police . nevertheless , some jihadists refused to lay down their arms and still continue to give fierce resistance to government forces . the remaining militants united in a grouping called " jaysh al-sahaba . " meanwhile , there was information that the sar forces had almost completed preparations for the opening of the strategic route hama-homs . movement on the highway will be resumed for the first time in the last few years . this will allow the saa to minimize the cost of moving units to hamu.news agency al masdar news reports that the militants of the terrorist organization " jash khalid ibn al-walid " , controlled by the " islamic state " ( igil ) , launched a new attack , in an attempt to break through the defense lines of the syrian free army ( ssa ) in the southwest region . the terrorists began to storm the settlements of hayt and gillen , located at the line of demarcation of the forces of opponents . violent clashes continue . information about the casualties of the parties in the force has not yet been received . let 's remind , previous attempts of igil workers to advance on this direction have not been successful.media portal emaan news center , associated with the forces of armed opposition , reports that the aviation of the syrian arab republic ( sar ) has joined the russian military aviation system . the combined forces of the russian air force and the syrian air force inflicted point air strikes on the fortifications of jihadists " djebhat an-nusra " 1 on the outskirts of the settlement of khazarin . recall , the territory of idlib is included in one of the de-escalation zones under the conditions of the astana agreement , but with respect to the " djebhat fatah al-sham " 1 ceasefire does not work.the air force of the western coalition , led by the united states , resumed bombing in the province of hasaka . as the military source ( jisrtv ) reports on the network twitter , the aviation of the international alliance has caused random air strikes on the settlement of tal ash-shair . data on possible victims among the local population are being clarified . recall , at the beginning of the week as a result of combat sorties of us military aircraft to the north
one of the biggest film industry in the world is bollywood . and bollywood means glamor , gossip , paparazzi and the ' secret ' kept.some of these are again open secrets . as kina kapoor 's words come first . the bollywood diva has responded positively in the movie released in 2012 , ' heroine ' . especially responded to her dress . the heroine who dressed 130 dresses made of the world 's best designers in the film.ranbir kapoor and nargis fakhri 's ' rockstar ' were released in 2011 . the musical romantic drama has responded well to the audience . but visitors are only aware of silver screen . the opportunity to see where , when , when shooting the photo , is usually not matched . i do not see the secret . the movie ' rockstar ' was shot from the end . that is , the last scene of the photo was done before shooting.now tell me about the movie ' kaho na pyaar hai ' , starring rithik roshan and ameesha patel . the guinness book of world records includes the romantic and action thriller film . after being released in 2000 , it won a total of 92 prizes in different categories . that 's why ' kaho na pyaar hai ' directed by rakesh roshannow say , how long a song length can be . however , if the length of the song is more than five minutes , it would be a little irritating to hear . but if the length of a song is 20 minutes , what will be your reaction in the first place ? yes , there are songs in bollywood . amitabh bachchan , akshay kumar and bobby deol starring ' ab tumhare hawale watan saathiya ' , the length of the song is 20 minutes . the entire song was kept in three parts of the film.now go back to the back . raj kapoor 's actress ' meera naam joker ' was released in the 1970s . which are still equally popular to viewers . there were two intervals in this film for more than four-and-a-half-hour lengths . the total of nine songs shown in the film was 47 minutes . this is probably the only picture in the history of hindi film , which gave two breaks .
during the summer , many shade trees , shade trees in the countryside , the mountains of the neighboring country or the fountain - or anywhere else to go.and getting the opportunity to travel far away means taking pictures of beautiful scenes behind the scenes of natural scenes . because who does not want to keep these priceless memories alive ? but the distant travel means the appearance of fatigue in appearance . no one wants to be fatigued in the frame of this camera . so take a look at some of the tips to show yourself fresh and savvy on distant travels-the first thing i need is to wake up . taking care of the moment before going to bed and worrying , if you spend the night while sleeping , it will have the full effect of what the face is on health . so before leaving the house , leave yourself a jumped up with a sleep and be filled with breathtaking and full of vitality.be aware of eating and drinking for two days before going out . at the time of eating and drinking , it should be kept in the rules , but with nutritious food like nut , fruit and fish oil , you have to keep yourself fresh . drinking too much water will also be practiced . due to the stomach problems , the trip will not be lost.if there is no washroom on the road during distant journey , either through the bottle water or by washing the hands and feet as little as possible . due to dust and sweating , the effect of fatigue in body and mind can be greatly increased . keep with moisturizing tissues . it gives quite a good time at this time.selection of clothing is very important . avoid wearing hot clothes at the time . it can cause discomfort in the summer . his impression will also fall on your face . always keep yourself warm and relaxed during a comfortable dress.avoid heavy make-up or decoration on a distant travel can be much better . use che sanscreen and lipzels as needed , and with the necessary accompaniments like hats and sunglasses .
ingredients : 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1-3/4 cups sliced fresh mushrooms 3 cups tomato juice 1 can ( 14-1/2 ounces ) no-salt-added diced tomatoes , drained 1 can ( 8 ounces ) no-salt-added tomato sauce 1 tablespoon dried minced onion 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 1/2 teaspoon ground mustard 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice 1/8 teaspoon ground mace , optional 6 ounces uncooked multigrain spaghetti , broken into pieces fresh mozzarella cheese pearls or shaved parmesan cheese , optionaldirections : in a dutch oven , cook beef and mushrooms over medium heat until meat is no longer pink ; drain . add tomato juice , tomatoes , tomato sauce , onion and seasonings . bring to a boil . stir in spaghetti . simmer , covered , 12-15 minutes or until spaghetti is tender . if desired , serve with cheese.nutritional facts : 1-1/2 cups ( calculated without cheese ) : 414 calories , 10g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 71 mg cholesterol , 925 mg sodium , 48g carbohydrate ( 15g sugars , 6g fiber ) , 33g protein.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . cook : 25 min .
ingredients : 3 medium acorn squash 1-1/2 cups water 1 pound jones no sugar pork sausage roll sausage 1/2 pound sliced baby portobello mushrooms 1 large onion , chopped 1 celery rib , chopped 1 garlic clove , minced 1/2 cup white wine or beef broth 1 can ( 10-3/4 ounces ) condensed cream of mushroom soup , undiluted 1 cup salad croutons 1/2 cup 2 % milk 1/3 cup shredded parmesan cheese 1 cup ( 4 ounces ) sharp shredded cheddar cheese , divideddirections : cut squash in half ; discard seeds . place cut side down in an ungreased 15x10x1-in . baking pan . add water . cover and bake at 350 ° for 40-50 minutes or until tender . meanwhile , in a large skillet , cook the sausage , mushrooms , onion , celery and garlic over medium heat until meat is no longer pink ; drain . add wine . bring to a boil ; cook until liquid is reduced by half . stir in the soup , croutons , milk , parmesan and 3/4 cup cheddar cheese . drain water from squash . turn squash over ; stuff with sausage mixture . sprinkle with remaining cheddar cheese . bake , uncovered , for 20-25 minutes or until heated through.nutritional facts : 1 stuffed squash half : 463 calories , 25g fat ( 11g saturated fat ) , 55 mg cholesterol , 977 mg sodium , 43g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 6g fiber ) , 16g protein.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 45 min . bake : 20 min .
after starting the south-eastern movie , she is now one of the most beautiful actresses in bollywood and her accompanying look is more like her . name ilyana dicroz . he is also equally efficient in acting . he has won the viewers with all his talents and interesting looks . but recently it is heard that he or she has already married , and not only that , she is going to be a mother.in december last year , posted a picture of social media on christmas eve . caption wrote " the favorite time of my year " but how did he understand how he got married ? because with caption he also wrote that photo credit husband andrew nohon what then ? the storm of discussion started . it has been heard that he adopted such a technique to raise the marriage to public . he did not give a clear reply even after questioning his marriage in a journalist 's event in february , just said that he is happy enough in his professional and personal life . she wants to keep her personal life as secret as possible . although he did not comment on the marriage , but he is now heard that he is going to be a mother . the matter is still unclear though .
ingredients : 3/4 cup chopped onion 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 garlic clove , minced 1 can ( 28 ounces ) italian crushed tomatoes , undrained 1 can ( 6 ounces ) tomato paste 1 cup water 1-1/2 teaspoons dried oregano 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper meatballs : 4 slices white bread , torn 1/2 cup water 2 eggs , lightly beaten 1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese 1 garlic clove , minced 1 teaspoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 2 teaspoons olive oil 1 package ( 16 ounces ) spaghettidirections : in a large saucepan , cook onion in oil until tender . add garlic ; cook 1 minute longer . stir in the tomatoes , tomato paste , water , oregano , salt and pepper . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; cover and simmer for 30 minutes . meanwhile , in a small bowl , soak bread in water for 5 minutes . squeeze out excess liquid . in a large bowl , combine the eggs , cheese , garlic , basil , parsley , salt and bread . crumble beef over mixture and mix well . shape into 1-in . balls . in a large nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray , brown meatballs in batches in oil over medium heat . add meatballs to sauce ; return to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , for 30 minutes or until meatballs are no longer pink . cook spaghetti according to package directions ; drain . serve with meatballs and sauce.nutritional facts : 1 each : 368 calories , 9g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 73 mg cholesterol , 661 mg sodium , 50g carbohydrate ( 9g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 20g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2-1/2 starch , 2 lean meat , 2 vegetable , 1/2 fat.makes : 10 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . cook : 1-1/4 hours
click here to view the videocity detective police arrested both husband and wife on charges of destroying two eyes of a youth named tomal chandra dey ( 25 ) by throwing acid in chittagong . they are sumit datta ( 26 ) and moumitra dutt annie ( 24 ) . chittagong city detective police ( db ) arrested the couple on friday ( march 30th ) from the rented house in the capital 's bhatara police station . they were brought to chittagong on saturday morning.db inspector rajesh kanti barua said that dwami had a love relationship with tamal . at the same time , moumita also shares with sumit . moumita and sumit secretly married through court . after knowing about this matter , tamal slammed moumitai . tactics in the face of acid attack kills the acid to take revenge of this slap.the incident of acid throwing took place on 10 february 2016 in the city of rahmatganj under kotwali police station . on february 23 , tamal 's father babul chandra dey filed a case accusing mumtima-sumit and some other unknown people.tamal 's father babul chandra dey was the officer of chittagong urea fertilizer limited.accused moumitra dutt annie and her husband sumit datta complete the masters from the law department of the premier university . bachelor 's degree relative relation relations relationstamal said that relations between tamal and mumtema were developed in 2015 . a year later , tamal can know , she has been with sumit for 5 years.after listening to the matter , tamal summoned moumita to a restaurant . there , moumitah acknowledged the relationship with sumit and said that his court has got married . tamal , who got angry at moumita , got angry . then , seeing the tears of mumtita , tamat threatened to see sumit.after a month of this incident , tamal received an invitation to become friend from a facebook id named butazapati dana . at one point of regular interaction , he was requested to meet tamal from that id.for a meeting , tamal beat rahmatganj goods hill and a young man thrashed acid on his face . tamal claimed that the young man sumitra mumtami 's husband sumit.one of tamal 's eyes was completely destroyed due to acids . another eye was damaged . besides , his face has also been distorted.db inspector rajesh told sarabangla that after the incident , sumit and moumitah went to dhaka to avoid arrest . there , moumita started teaching at a kindergarten school . sumit took a few tuition . that 's how their family was running
ingredients : 12 ounces uncooked spaghetti 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1 cup chopped onion 1 cup chopped green pepper 1 jar ( 26 ounces ) spaghetti sauce 1 can ( 4 ounces ) mushroom stems and pieces , drained 1 can ( 2-1/4 ounces ) sliced ripe olives , drained 2 cups shredded cheddar cheese , divided 1 can ( 10-3/4 ounces ) condensed cream of chicken soup , undiluted 1 carton ( 10 ounces ) refrigerated alfredo sauce 1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese 1/2 cup cornflake crumbsdirections : preheat oven to 350 ° . cook spaghetti according to package directions . meanwhile , in a large skillet , cook the beef , onion and pepper over medium heat until meat is no longer pink ; drain . add the spaghetti sauce , mushrooms and olives . drain spaghetti ; add to skillet . transfer to a greased 13x9-in . baking dish . sprinkle with 1 cup cheddar cheese . in a small bowl , combine the soup , alfredo sauce and parmesan cheese ; spread over cheddar cheese . in another bowl , combine cornflake crumbs and remaining cheddar cheese ; sprinkle over the top . bake , uncovered , 30 minutes or until bubbly and cheese is melted . let stand 5 minutes before serving . freeze option : cover and freeze casserole for up to 3 months.to use , remove from the freezer 30 minutes before baking ( do not thaw ) . cover and bake at 350 ° for 1 hour . uncover ; bake 15-20 minutes longer or until heated through and a thermometer reads 165 ° . nutritional facts : 1-1/2 cups : 612 calories , 30g fat ( 14g saturated fat ) , 80 mg cholesterol , 1486 mg sodium , 55g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 4g fiber ) , 29g protein.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 30 min .
shadow of the tomb raider wo n’t have trial &amp; error puzzles players should not feel cheated by mickey bucks for shadow of the tomb raider , the developers promise no frustrating trial-and-error gameplay . gameplay director vincent monnier said , “ we avoid trial and error where you have to die to understand what ’s going on . ” what we ’ve been using since the beginning of this trilogy is tinkering . it ’s more about thinking about the situation : “ oh , okay , so if i put that down there and do that , it will work , but if i do , i ’ll die . ” that ’s why players usually do not feel betrayed by the game because you always have a chance to predict every kind of danger , continues vincent monnier . leading writer jill murray commented on shadow of the tomb raider hubs , “ we ’ll have a few hubs , including the biggest hub we ’ve ever seen , so players will not get a closer and more personal view of the culture necessarily from the perspective of artifacts , but they meet people and have to live by their side . ” shadow of the tomb raider will be released on september 14 , 2018 , for the pc , the xbox one , and the playstation 4 .
profit at first site is not false but false . most of the time , the laughagata is first to show . so women need to be a little more careful for men 's attention . so stay fit and perfect beforehand on your own . and at the same time , men know about 7 things that women see before-1 . smilethere are also laughs . and in that kind of indignant laughing smiles but a lot of the list is in the top . but men like innocent smile . but the laughing smile is a little smile . not only men but women , regardless of women , do not like many .2 . usekeeping the amount of attitudes , but only if you are polite but will be ahead of points .3 . groomingalways clean and well-dressed is mandatory , if you want to reach your goal .4 . hairnot just a beautiful face , your hair is one of the most important issues in which men have eyes . so manashee hairstyle and clean hair should be kept .5 . eyeswhere there are thousands of eyes in the eyes , there is no eye care . make your eyes look as comfortable as you like , and become ananya .6 . walkingwith good clothing but your walk style will also be good . but keep the walk style according to the dress . if you adhere to a lot of things , you will not get the perfection .7 . intelligenceafter all , that is not all that is zero , that is your intelligence . talk to me but think carefully relationships are created easily but your intelligence is the main and last word in its hold .
best torrent websites is what you need to search for torrents on the internet . you are tired of the ad redirects on every ( nearly ) torrent site on the internet . but you want something that searches for your torrent file on all major torrent sites . the torrent search engines included in this best torrent search engines list have indexed torrents from many torrent sites . so you can find the desired torrent file on different sites with different number of seeders and reviews . and you do n’t need to worry about the torrent not working properly or a fake torrent file.let ’s begin : 1 . torrentz2torrentz2 is the backup server of the well known torrent search engine torrentz – that shut this year . but torrentz2 was started a few weeks later after and regained its title . it has indexed torrents from most top torrent sites including thepiratebay , kickass , 1337x and rarbg . you will definitely find your desired file on torrentz2 . over all torrentz2 have the most monthly visitors that shows , how much users love torrentz2 . 2 . torrents.metorrents.me has been around for a while and comes right after torrentz2 on this list because of its value and verified indexed torrents . torrents.me provides users with verified torrent files from different torrent websites . so users can download torrent files worry free . torrents.me not only provides torrents it also has detailed reviews on other torrent sites aswell . you can find a list of top torrent sites according to user reviews on there site .3 . torrentz.colorasktorrentz.coloask has everything from a simple user friendly interface to search for selected torrent categories . for a beginner it ’s the best thing to start from . if you ’re not familier with what website to use or where to look for start with torrentz.colorask it will bring up the torrent with most suitable amount of seeders , so you get a faster downloads and verified torrents .4 . veobleif you want to download torrent files of various content files you can use the help of veoble . it indexes torrent from different sites and torrent trackers and provides you with the best torrent available on the internet . you can choose as you like to which site you ’ll like to download the torrent from . this popular torrent search engine provides torrents from different categories .5 . xtorxxtorx allows you to search torrent files from different sources on the internet . its torrent index has torrents from thepiratebay and many other torrent sites . xtorx provides torrent search for movies , tv shows , games and nearly all categories of content . you can download your torrent from your preferred torrent providers.this concludes our list of top best torrent search engines 2018 . comment down your favorite torrent search engine that you think should be on this list . subscribe to our newsletter for more info on this topic .
ingredients : 1 teaspoon salt 1 garlic clove , minced 2 to 3 fresh thyme sprigs or 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1 boneless pork loin roast ( 5 pounds ) glaze : 1 cup orange juice 1/4 cup packed brown sugar 1 tablespoon dijon mustard 1/3 cup cold water 1 tablespoon cornstarchdirections : preheat oven to 350 ° . combine the first five ingredients ; rub over roast . place fat side up on a rack in a shallow roasting pan . bake , uncovered , for 1 hour . meanwhile , in a saucepan over medium heat , combine orange juice , brown sugar and mustard . in a small bowl , mix water and cornstarch until smooth . add to orange juice mixture . bring to a boil ; cook and stir 2 minutes . reserve 1 cup glaze for serving ; brush half of remaining glaze over roast . bake until a thermometer reads 145 ° , about 20-40 minutes longer , brushing occasionally with remaining glaze . let stand 10 minutes before slicing . reheat reserved glaze ; serve with roast.nutritional facts : 4 ounces cooked pork with 1 tablespoon glaze : 199 calories , 7g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 71 mg cholesterol , 212 mg sodium , 6g carbohydrate ( 5g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 28g protein . diabetic exchanges : 4 lean meat , 1/2 starch.makes : 16 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . bake : 1 hour 20 min . + standing
geo company started the mi exchange program in november 2007 . the new news was found on behalf of the company . according to a report from all-india media , from thursday 15th march , the official website of migot.com and the launch of the official website of geomo . until then , only this service was available in geomir 's shop . but now you can change your old phone to this official website and change it at home . instead of getting the new geomi phonebut you do not have any meaning that only geomei can change the phone . samsung , sony , motorola , htc , geonie , oppo , lenovo , asus , vivo , huawei , one plus , latvi , google pixel etc. you can easily change the phone . but you will not be able to change from the market to a completely confused or 3-4 year old model.to get this service , there are a few things you need to keep in mind . for example ,1 . the name of the phone you want to change is on the list of the mie exchange program .2 . the phone must be intact and intact . if any part is broken it can not be changed .3 , . customers can change one at a time .4 . customers can use the " exchange coupon " given by geo company within 14 days .
look like iphone 's x-ray iphone . but not the iphone . lg is bringing such a phone model lg g seven think it has a ' noch ' display like iphone xl . recently the nuances got very popularity . this special design is the first to be seen in the iphone x. then the various prominent handset manufacturers started to imitate this design.the popular blogsite prizpone , which publishes the latest news on the phone , reports that lg g seven think will be available in 6 gb ram . this is lg 's flagship phone . dual rear camera has been used in it . the success of the success of lg g-six is the seven thing phone being released in the market.it has a 6-inch full resolution display with full hd resolution . the aspect ratio of the display is 19 : 9 . the qualcomm 's latest processor snapdragon 845 is for managing the phone.it has 64 gb internal memory for storage . which can be increased up to 256 gb via microsd card.non-removable 3000 mah battery has been added to the new android phone powered by the android 8.0 operating system.the phone uses 16 megapixel primary camera and 20 megapixel secondary camera to take photos.the price of the phone has been 814 dollars . it will be available in the market soon .
ingredients : 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce 1 green onion , thinly sliced 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 tablespoon maple syrup 2 garlic cloves , minced 1 teaspoon ground ginger 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil 1/4 teaspoon salt 4 salmon fillets ( 6 ounces each ) directions : in a small bowl , combine the first 10 ingredients . pour 1/4 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag . add the salmon ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate for up to 30 minutes . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain salmon , discarding marinade . using long-handled tongs , moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack . place salmon skin side down on grill rack . grill , covered , over high heat or broil 3-4 in . from the heat for 5-10 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork , basting occasionally with remaining marinade.nutritional facts : 1 fillet : 306 calories , 18g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 85 mg cholesterol , 367 mg sodium , 4g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 29g protein . diabetic exchanges : 5 lean meat , 1 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . + marinating grill : 5 min .
there are simply no shortage of measures one can take to ensure he ’s well-equipped when a worst case scenario strikes . the newest armoured vehicle from israel ’s plasan is definitely one of those measures . dubbed the yagu vehicle , the nimble tank touts military grade power and streamlined drivability . indeed , it might be a tank in the practical sense , but the vehicle operates with the alacrity of a dune buggy . mad max would simply love this thing . building out from the arctic cat wildcat 4 1000 , the yuga vehicle hosts a 95 bhp 1.0-litre v-twin engine , which can alternate between 2-wheel drive and 4-wheel drive . also featured is a remote-controlled weapon system affixed to the roof , and omnipresent b6 + composite plating . put it all together and you have a ultra-compact and tactical vehicle that ’s as versatile as it is resilient , and lightweight to boot . with room for three inside , plasan ’s yuga vehicle is one way to extend the shelf-life of you and two loved ones during the apocalypse . in the meantime , it makes for one heck of a sleek and impenetrable military vehicle . no one in their right mind would mess with this lean machine .
prince louis was born less than two weeks ago , but he already has two official royal portraits . kensington palace released photos of its newest member this evening , via twitter along with two statements . " the duke and duchess of cambridge are very pleased to share two photographs of princess charlotte and prince louis , taken by the duchess at kensington palace . this image was taken on 2nd may , on princess charlotte ’s third birthday , " reads the first statement.and the second photo was captioned , " this image of prince louis was taken by the duchess of cambridge at kensington palace on 26th april . the duke and duchess would like to thank members of the public for their kind messages following the birth of prince louis , and for princess charlotte ’s third birthday . " the sweet snapshots were taken by new mom duchess kate , who is a photographer in her own right , and studied art history while at st. andrews , no doubt cultivating a skilled eye . similar photos of prince george and princess charlotte were released shortly after their births , as is tradition . here is one released in august 2013 of the new family of three . the candid was captured by new grandpa michael middleton.shortly after charlotte was born , kensington palace shared a few portraits of the newborn princess with her older brother george . here is a particularly cute one : this might be the only photo we get of little louis for a few weeks . while his older siblings george and charlotte have confirmed roles in their uncle harry 's upcoming wedding to meghan markle , the new royal baby will not be in attendance , given that he 'll only be four weeks old . that said , there is a chance we 'll see him up on the balcony come saturday june 9 , for the trooping of the colour parade , in honor of the queen 's birthday . trooping the colour is one of the rare moments when we see the whole royal family up on the buckingham palace balcony , and while kate will technically still be on maternity leave , there 's a chance she 'll give the public another look at her newborn baby boy .
this evening , kensington palace issued the first official portraits of prince louis . the snapshots were taken by kate middleton , and one of the sweet photos features princess charlotte kissing her new baby brother . the duke and duchess of cambridge are very pleased to share two photographs of princess charlotte and prince louis , taken by the duchess at kensington palace.this image was taken on 2nd may , on princess charlotte ’s third birthday . pic.twitter.com/h5vvgiwrgp— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) may 5 , 2018 kensington palace released the photos on twitter along with a statement that reads " the duke and duchess of cambridge are very pleased to share two photographs of princess charlotte and prince louis , taken by the duchess at kensington palace . this image was taken on 2nd may , on princess charlotte ’s third birthday . " they also thanked the public " for their kind messages following the birth of prince louis , and for princess charlotte ’s third birthday . " this image of prince louis was taken by the duchess of cambridge at kensington palace on 26th april.the duke and duchess would like to thank members of the public for their kind messages following the birth of prince louis , and for princess charlotte ’s third birthday . pic.twitter.com/bjxhzhvbxn— kensington palace ( @kensingtonroyal ) may 5 , 2018 earlier this week , some royals fans voiced their disappointment on social media when the palace opted to not share a new photo of charlotte on her third birthday . it is thought will and kate did so to overexpose the young royal , given that we just saw her visit louis at the lindo wing , and she will also have a role in her uncle harry 's wedding later this may . perhaps this portrait was in response to that backlash , especially considering that there is no new photo of prince george and prince louis together . in the pic , charlotte has her hair back in a ponytail , and is wearing a familiar-looking blue cardigan with a white pattern along the collar.as laura on twitter pointed out , she appears to be sporting the same fina ejerique sweater that prince george wore in a portrait of queen elizabeth by annie leibovitz for the monarch 's 90th birthday . charlotte 's wearing the same fina ejerique sweater george wore in the photo with the queen right ? pic.twitter.com/rtowrxrsmf— laura ( @japanese_ginger ) may 5 , 2018 apparently even a princess ca n't avoid getting hand-me-downs from her older brother . unfortunately , since the sweater is originally from a few years ago , it is no longer available for purchase online .
good things come to those who wait ... if by good things you mean new photos of royal babies princess charlotte and prince louis . folks were bummed when the duke and duchess held out on us by not releasing a new photo of princess charlotte on her 3rd birthday , as has been tradition each year for her and her older brother prince george . on may 2nd , royal expert penny junor told elle uk : " william and kate wo n't want to overexpose their children . they have never been entirely conventional so i imagine they might release a photo in their own time , and it might be one kate takes herself . " that they did . around 7 p.m. on saturday , may 5 — or midnight may 6 uk time — kensington palace released the first official portraits of prince louis by the duchess of cambridge , kate middleton herself . one of princess charlotte gently kissing her new baby bro 's forehead and one of the wide-eyed prince alone . the duke and duchess of cambridge are very pleased to share two photographs of princess charlotte and prince louis , taken by the duchess at kensington palace . this image was taken on 2nd may , on princess charlotte ’s third birthday . the duke and duchess would like to thank members of the public for their kind messages following the birth of prince louis , and for princess charlotte ’s third birthday . but where , oh where , is george ? chilling with heads of state , probably .
“ if we confess our sins , he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness . ” - 1 john 1:9 a young man was coming home late one night , well after his midnight curfew . he did n’t pull into his driveway until almost 2 in the morning . so he took his shoes off , opened the door quietly , and slipped up the stairs as softly as he could.he had almost made it to the top of the stairs when , all of a sudden , his parents ’ cuckoo clock struck 2 , “ cuckoo , cuckoo . ” he heard his parents stirring in their room , and had the boldest idea he ’d ever had . he stood there on the stairs and cuckoo-ed 10 more times!now that ’s creative , but it ’s not telling the truth . in fact , one very neglected aspect of telling the truth is admitting when you ’ve made a mistake , rather than covering it up . confessing when you ’re in the wrong is difficult , especially when a little lie like “ my dog ate my homework ” or “ i put those reports on your desk ” can pass the blame to someone else.but when you mess up and confess it , you not only have the reward of a clear conscience , you build rapport as an honest person among those around you . and , most importantly , you glorify god through your obedience . so admit your mistakes and show others they can trust you to be truthful!gracious lord , give us the courage to seek forgiveness . remind us that confession is never a mistake ; it frees us from the chains of the enemy . we know we can not hide our hearts from you . help us to let go of our bitterness and fear , and purify us with the knowledge that you have taken away every sin . in your name , amen .
elon musk deserves immense credit . the time of the electric car had arrived but it needed a catalyst . mr. musk provided it . as the late david mackay made clear in his wonderful book , sustainable energy - without the hot air , electric cars have a host of advantages over internal combustion engines , not the least of which is that they do not throw away kinetic energy in city driving . but being the catalyst for a new innovation and running a mass market car business are two separate things . one involves far-sighted thinking and the willingness to take major risk . the other involves the blocking and tackling of efficiently producing and servicing millions of cars . mr. musk is a great visionary . however , as his recent press conference revealed , he is not much for blocking and tackling . it is for blocking and tackling reasons that i have been saying for years that tesla is overvalued . yes , electric cars is way of the future , but in my view tesla will not be a big part of that future . it reminds me of an innovation that has played a huge role in my life , and those of anyone else who does valuation , – the electronic spreadsheet . the father of the electronic spreadsheet was dan bricklin who came up with the idea while he was an mba student at the harvard business school . when i teach my valuation class at caltech , no one has heard of dan bricklin despite the fact that every student makes daily use of his innovation . his company , visicorp ( the product was called visicalc ) , was not so good at blocking and tackling and went bankrupt in the face of competition . i fear the same fate for mr. musk . i have owned three teslas and love electric cars . but i have had to deal with innumerable glitches . as the competition comes on stream with a vicious focus on blocking and tackling , mr. musk may want to step back in time and study what happened to mr. bricklin .
british foreign secretary boris johnson will today begin a two-day visit to washington , with the iran nuclear deal , syria and north korea on top of the agenda , the foreign office said.johnson will meet us vice president mike pence , national security advisor john bolton and congressional foreign policy leaders . " on so many of the world 's foreign policy challenges the uk and us are in lockstep , " said johnson , highlighting the joint responses to russian provocations , north korea and syria . " the uk , us , and european partners are also united in our effort to tackle the kind of iranian behaviour that makes the middle east region less secure -- its cyber activities , its support for groups like hezbollah , and its dangerous missile programme , " he added.britain remains committed the nuclear deal iran signed with world powers in 2015 , but us president donald trump has threatened to abandon the agreement when it comes up for renewal on may 12 , calling it " insane " . britain , france and germany -- the three european countries that signed the deal -- have repeatedly tried to persuade trump not to abandon it .
to create a work , sometimes all it takes is creativity and high imagination . with a high imaginative power , one can find inspiration from anywhere . included from the usual activities carried out daily.one of them is like an artist named michaela who was inspired to create works of art from the food he used to eat . commonly used food ingredients consist mostly of vegetables , fruits and other foodstuffs.her artworks are always uploaded on her personal instagram account called @cutechichai . in addition , food artists from las vegas is also often upload the works of doodle images on starbucks coffee cups.reported from michaela instagram account , which has collected 10 unique and creative work shaped hair made from food .1 . take a look , frizzy hair made from a pile of blueberries . creative ! 2 . it 's more creative , the corn hair is arranged in such a way as be unique .3 . well if this one can guess the hair is made of what ? the answer is cantaloupe .4 . if you have excessive purple cabbage , you can make a work like this too you know .5 . cute ... hair made of blackberries and pieces of small strawberries for hair ribbon .6 . the purple cabbage can also be made into a hairstyle like this .7 . not just be a small ribbon decoration , strawberries can also be a hair .8 . wow very creative , rambutan fruit really so hair .9 . in addition to fruits and vegetables , michaela also uses other foodstuffs and these are made from black rice ramen noodles .10 . there are also made from pieces of bread like this , creative right ?
surely you are familiar with brownies cake ? the delicious cake with its distinctive chocolate flavor is what everybody loves . it 's sweet and soft to make people addicted to eat it.generally brownie tops are often given toppings such as jam , almonds , and cheese that makes the brownies more delicious.brownies themselves have two types of differences , namely dry brownies and wet brownies . then the identical of the brownies themselves are consistent shapes that have always been rectangular or square.knowing the brownies are well-liked by all , now more and more culinary makers are starting to create brownies in a newer form . surely this new creation is no less delicious ! like what about?here are 7 menu creations brownies , which are summarized from various sources .1 . brownies are wrapped lollipop , exhausted once voracious . { " width " : 600 , " web_uri " : " 005aee6b12768094b138 " , " height " : 400 , " description " : " photo : browniessejutarasa.wordpress.com " } 2 . pudding brownies that taste chewy , plus more delicious with milk and served when cold . { " width " : 960 , " web_uri " : " 005aee6b464880ae5116 " , " height " : 708 , " description " : " photo : sajiansedap.grid.id " } 3 . martabak brownies that recommend for your hang out .4 . ice cream with cuts of brownies themselves are now beginning to grow you know , it feels really delicious ! 5 . brownies are shaped dirt , so funny and unique right ? { " width " : 955 , " web_uri " : " 005aee6c075900938fa2 " , " height " : 636 , " description " : " photo : rosannapansino.com " } 6 . donuts brownies with a mixture of red yams , crispy sweet . { " width " : 500 , " web_uri " : " 005aee6c3bad00a41751 " , " height " : 628 , " description " : " photo : damarsnack.blogspot.co.id " } 7 . dry brownie pizza with a variety of fruit topping , the sweetness of a double . steady ! { " width " : 1000 , " web_uri " : " 005aee6c790e40a20763 " , " height " : 562 , " description " : " photo : lifemadedelicious.ca " }
at the berkshire 2018 conference , buffett and munger discussed their discussion in apple inc. ( nasdaq : aapl ) and whether they approve of the company buybacks . see below for an informal transcript on that topic . also berkshire 2018 conference on we ’ve got a handful of questions relating to apple . this is a bit of a mash up of a couple of them . warren you have bought in in and sold out of ibm . you have praised jeff bezos but never bought amazon and you have doubled down on apple . can you tell us what it is about apple and given your sometimes critical views on buybacks . do you think apple would do better spending a hundred billion dollars on buybacks or buying other productive businesses the way you have generally preferred . a hundred billion dollars is a lot of money . i used to think some the apple has a incredible consumer product which you understand a lot better than i do whether they should buy their shares and they should n’t buy any shares at all unless they think that they ’re selling for less than they ’re worth . and if they are selling less than they ’re worth and they have the money and they do n’t see an acquisition that ’s even more attractive . they should buy in their shares and i think that that ’s very . because i think it ’s extremely hard to find acquisitions that would be a accreted to apple would be in the 50 or 100 billion and 200 billion dollar range . they do a lot of small acquisitions . and you know i ’m delighted to see them repurchasing shares we own let ’s say we own 200 million or so shares . they have i think 4 billion 923 million or something like that . and mentally you can say we own 5 percent of it but i figure when you go with the passage of a little time we may own 6 or 7 percent simply because they repurchase shares . and i find that got an extraordinary product in that ecosystem and there ’s lots to be done . i love the idea of having our 5 percent or whatever it may be grow to 6 or 7 percent without us laying out a dime . i mean it worked for us in many other situations . but you have to have some very very very special product and which has an enormous wide enormously widespread ecosystem and are products extremely sticky and all of that sort of thing . and they ’re not going to find 50 or 100 billion dollar acquisitions that they can make it remotely a sensible price that really become a matter of that that they may they may find it who knows . but there certainly as i look around the horizon i do n’t see anything that would make a lot of sense for them in terms of what they ’d have to pay and what they would get . whereas i do see a business that they know everything about and where they may or may not be able to buy it at an attractive price when they repurchase their shares . that remains to be seen . incidentally that ’s one thing that i always enjoy people people say well you ’re talking your book or something if you talk from our standpoint we would love to see apple go down in price . that they ’re going to well just put it this way . if andrew and charlie and i were partners in a business that was worth three million dollars . so each of us had a million dollar interest and andrew offered to sell out his one third interest at 800000 . and we had the money around . we jumped at the chance to buy him out . i mean it ’s so simple but people get all lost . and if he want a million do for it we would n’t pay it to him . it ’s it ’s very simple math but it gets lost in all these discussions . and of course like i say tim cook can do simple math and probably do very complicated math too . so we very much approve of them repurchasing shares . charlie i think generally speaking in america when companies go out hellbender by other companies they do that they ’re worth less after the transaction is made than they were before . so i do n’t think you have a general way to wealth for american corporations to go out and buy other corporations averaged out . it ’s a way down not up . and i think that a great many places have nothing better to do than to buy their own stock and nothing is advantageous to do as big as buying a stock . so i think we know pretty damn well what ’s going to happen to apple . they ’ll be very lucky to if there was something available to a low price that they could buy . i do n’t think the world is that easy . i think that the reason these companies are buying their stock is that is that they ’re smart enough to know that it ’s better for them . anything else that does not mean we approve of every buyback at all . i mean we ’ve shown i think some people just it to keep the stock up and that of course is insane and immoral . reporter remotes from .
prince harry and his future bride meghan markle are postponing their honeymoon . at a kensington palace press briefing , spokesman jason knauf stated the couple will not be going on their honeymoon immediately after the wedding . “ the couple will be going on honeymoon , but not straightaway , ” knauf said . “ they will have their first engagement as a married couple in the week after the wedding . the couple is expected to honeymoon in namibia . travel and leisure magazine reported the couple would be staying at the newest luxury camp in namibia , natural selections hoanib valley camp . namibia is one of the least densely populated nations on earth , so the couple should get quite a bit of privacy . they previously spent some time in botswana while they were dating . the prince told the bbc that he convinced markle to accompany him on a camping trip after they previously went on dates in london . “ i think about three , maybe four weeks later , i managed to persuade her to come join me in botswana and we camped out with each other under the stars . we spent five days out there , which was absolutely fantastic . then we were really by ourselves , which was crucial to me to make sure we had a chance to get to know each other . ”
new orleans high school student darrin francois is over the moon with the news that he 's been accepted by over 80 colleges . about a dozen senior year students at the international high school of new orleans received at least 20 acceptance letters and scholarships , but francois got them beat by four times the amount in acceptance letters . " i just applied , applied , applied , " he told local station wgno abc . " i did n't know how many it was , so once they started to come through the mail , i was like oh my gosh , this many ? then , they started coming more and more . now , today , i have 83 now . " francois 's diligence by applying to over 100 colleges paid off . he is now in high demand and received a total of $ 2,614,468 in scholarships.the director of student support services , rufus mcgee encourages students to be persistent about reaching their goals.i think we got on some of their nerves to be honest with you , but we continued to hammer at them to let them know that the world is yours if you reach out and get it.sean wilson , the head of school , said francois started off as a timid 9th grader , but with hard work he 's grown to be an ambitious student with a 4.24 grade point average and became the national honor society president.francois 's mother , bridget , is especially proud . she told abc : eighty-three colleges ? that is wonderful , that is a blessing from god . i 'm very proud , a proud mother to see my son go forward into his success and go forward into his goals.not only is the 17-year-old an intelligent student who 's already taken several college courses and one day hopes to be a judge , francois is also an admirable and loving son.my mom did not get a chance to actually attend the university of her choice , so i 'm doing this for the both of us.francois has a tough decision ahead of him . he 's narrowing his options down to schools that will offer the most scholarships , has a diverse student body , and offers a strong criminal justice program .
kensington palace has released the first official portraits of prince william and kate middleton 's third child , prince louis , along with a message from them both thanking the british public " for their kind messages " following his birth on april 23rd . he 's camera ready less than two weeks after his birth — should we expect anything less from the royals , really ?! as above , the first photo shows baby louis doing his baby thing in some very crisp and very clean white knitwear . a second shot features him getting a big kiss from his big sister princess charlotte — this shot apparently taken on charlotte 's third birthday earlier this week , in lieu of new photos of her ( which were not released on may 2nd , to some consternation ) : the next 25 royals in line for the throne prince george does not feature in the shots , because he 's been there , done that before of course . that said , the cardigan charlotte is wearing for her photo with louis appears to be the same one george wore in a photo to mark his great-grandmother queen elizabeth 's 90th birthday back in 2016 . knitwear , it 's always a solid investment ! as has been the case with many photos of the royal children , their mom kmid served as the photographer for these new pictures . do n't expect much more face time from louis in the near future though — while his older siblings will almost certainly both feature in prince harry and meghan markle 's upcoming wedding , he 'll have the day off .
too many people in my circle have been asked to give their hands a bit of a rest . if you ’ve noticed the way technology has evolved , it has suddenly made our hands more active . think the constant typing on the laptop or messaging on the phone.and some of these people have been advised complete rest from computers and phones because they are suffering from a little known condition called carpal tunnel syndrome . “ carpal tunnel syndrome is more common among people who use computer systems and keyboards excessively , ” says dr pr krishnan , consultant neurologist at fortis hospital , bangalore.what ’s carpal tunnel syndrome , and do you have it?it ’s a condition that causes intense pain , numbness and tingling in your arms . “ the condition occurs when the median nerve is compressed as it travels across the wrist . some of the symptoms to watch out for are numbness and tingling of fingers , weakness of wrist , occasional shock like feeling that travels through your fingers , ” says dr krishnan.the other symptoms include : weakness of hands , i.e. whenever you try to lift something , you end up dropping it and pain that travels from forearm to shoulder.it is important to note that carpal tunnel may not be directly caused by repetitive activities such as playing a musical instrument , playing a sport or typing . but these activities may cause tendinitis in the hand , which can narrow the carpal tunnel and lead to the symptoms.it is best to get yourself checked if you ’ve experienced any of these symptoms.things to do to avoid this conditiontake breaks , exercise : according to dr krishnan taking a 3-5 minute break every hour will help . “ attempt hand and wrist exercises often . and avoid using more force than necessary to perform tasks , ” he says.exercises for carpal tunnel syndrome . ( shutterstock ) stretch : “ your wrist is a sensitive joint . strength exercises are effective to keep blood circulation in order , ” says huzefa lokhandwala , program director , trainme . he suggests the following exercises : - make a fish and hold it as tight as possible . release your fist and point your fingers towards the ceiling . do 10-15 repetitions.-make a fist , open it and create the letter o using all fingers.wear and wrist splint : dr krishnan suggests wearing a wrist splint at night . the splint holds the joint in a neutral position .
donald glover snl photos – award winning actor , writer , director donald glover will make his “ saturday night live ” debut as host on may 5 . glover , who can next be seen in “ solo : a star wars story , ” due out may 25 , has received critical praise for his hit comedy series , “ atlanta . ” glover will also work double duty as musical guest , performing as grammy award winning artist childish gambino , who will tour this fall . “ saturday night live , ” nbc ’s emmy award-winning late-night comedy showcase , enters its 43rd season for another year of laughs , surprises and great performances.since its inception in 1975 , “ snl ” has launched the careers of many of the brightest comedy performers of their generation ; and , as the new york times noted on the occasion of the show ’s emmy-winning 25th anniversary special in 1999 : “ in defiance of both time and show business convention , ‘ snl ’ is still the most pervasive influence on the art of comedy in contemporary culture . ” at the close of the century , “ saturday night live ” placed seventh on entertainment weekly ’s list of the top 100 entertainers of the past fifty years.the program has won 64 emmy awards , the most for any show in television history . snl also holds the title for the most nominated television show in emmy history with 243 nominations . “ snl ” has been honored twice , in 1990 and 2009 , with the prestigious george foster peabody award and cited as “ truly a national institution . ” “ saturday night live ” was inducted into the broadcasting hall of fame by the national association of broadcasters , and the show continues to garner the highest ratings of any late-night television program , entertaining millions each week . “ snl ” is making headlines and influencing the political dialogue while skewering it at the same time . beyond politics , the show ’s cast of recurring characters and take on pop culture targets remains spot-on . the addition of the show ’s emmy award-winning snl digital shorts continues to keep the show as current today as it was when it debuted . “ saturday night live , ” which premiered oct. 11 , 1975 , is broadcast live from nbc ’s famed studio 8h in new york city ’s rockefeller center . the program is a production of broadway video in association with snl studios . lorne michaels is the executive producer.donald glover snl photossaturday night live — “ donald glover ” episode 1744 — pictured : donald glover during ‘ a quiet place ’ on saturday , may 5 , 2018 — ( photo by : rosalind o’connor / nbc )
munger and buffett talk about machine intelligence , ai , computers and related at the 2018 berkshire conference – below is one dialogue on the topic also from 2018 brk conference coverage get the full warren buffett series in pdf get the entire 10-part series on warren buffett in pdf . save it to your desktop , read it on your tablet , or email to your colleagues hi warren , hi charlie thank you for everything . i 'm david kingo global manager in shanghai . i 've been here for eight years . this is for many us the olympics . you are my champion team . so my question is that fast-growing machine . halogens how do you see the new competition ( of machines ) impact the capital allocation . productivity in the future for charlie . what is the first principle of capital allocation front inaudible or economic interest points of view ? thank you . well , two questions . machine intelligence i 'm afraid the only intelligence i have as proof is being provided by something that 's not a machine and i do n't think i 'm going to learn machine intelligence . if you ask me how to beat the game or go with my own intelligence i could n't do it . and i think it 's too old for me to learn computer science generally . i think that the machine intelligence has worked . after all the machine now can beat the best human player go . b ut i think there 's more hype in that field than it is probable and cheap and so i do n't think the world is going to change that much by machine intelligence some but not hugely . and what was the other question ? what was machine intelligence was getting a capital allocation ? oh yeah that 's such a general question . generally speaking we 're always trying to get the best to get something that 's worth buying and the human mind rejects that . if you 're in academia , you could come in and make one declare three cents at the opening of the semester and you 're dying to do for the rest of your time . so we will want to find some formula . it 's what i call physics envy . these people want the world to be like physics but the world is n't like physics outside of physics . and that false precision just does nothing but get you in trouble . so i would i would say you got to master the general ideas and you 've got other work to improve your judgment slowly . all the rest of us had and i do n't think most individuals have much hope of individual gain from machine intelligence . i do n't think that i 'm impressed with machines goal or something of the shorter or even when the chess or whatever it may be i do n't really think they 'd bring much to the table regarding capital allocation or investing . and i maybe i 'm missing something entirely and maybe i 'm just blind to what 's out there . you 're raising a lot of very remunerative for earning twaddell .
the us navy is announcing the restoration of its " second fleet " because of russia 's aggressiveness . { " width " : 660 , " web_uri " : " 005aee92209900a6a74f " , " height " : 371 , " description " : " the \ \ " second fleet \ \ " will be based on its former location - in norfolk , virginia " } admiral john richardson , chief of maritime operations , said the fleet , disbanded in 2011 , could carry out military surveillance on the us east coast and in the north atlantic.he noted that the strategy of national defense , published this year , made it clear that the era of great-power competition has returned.the strategy makes the main priority of the confrontation between russia and china.the fleet , which was disbanded to save money , will be based on its former location - in norfolk , virginia . " our national defense strategy makes it clear that we are returning to the era of great-power competition , since the security environment meets new challenges and challenges , " said admiral richardson . " that 's why today we insist on the " second fleet " to confront these changes , especially in the north atlantic . " norfolk was also proposed for the new allied atlantic command .
the 1965 porsche 911 might have been called the 901 but for a complaint from peugeot , who claimed the rights to all three-digit car names with a zero in the middle . this forced porsche to change the name of the car from “ 901 ” to “ 911 . ” had the 911 not been such a success , it would n’t have mattered . but the 911 has become one of the most popular porsches ever . the 911 came into being as an update to the popular 356 . as changes were being considered , it became apparent that it would n’t just be a matter of changing a few things , but rather a complete redevelopment of the car . the 911 would feature more space , a stowage area big enough for a set of golf clubs , and a longer wheelbase . it was ferry porsche ’s eldest son , ferdinand , who brought the design to life , with the help of his cousin ferdinand piech . the idea was to combine the performance of the 356 carrera 2 with the refinement of the carrera . in 1963 , the 911 debuted as the 901 in frankfurt . the 1965 911 offered by sothebys was a “ barn-find ” in california before being shipped to europe for a complete restoration . only the right front fender was replaced ; the rest was original . the 1965 porsche 911 was built on the 300 series chassis number , making it one of the earliest 911 ’s completed in that year . the car is believed to have had two previous owners .
with their debut group project “ bunkin 101 ” set to be released on all streaming platforms may 18th , av the great &amp; gas house smitty deliver with a solid visual for their single “ be okay ” directed by jeff adair . touching on a variety of subject matter from social ills , racism , bills , trapping and working a 9 to 5 , the lyrics are still catchy with a stellar motivational hook . the track is produced by s. diesel who had a break out 2017 as the man behind the sound for the viral song “ the race ” by tay-k . the video takes place in cities across new york and texas reminding viewers no matter where you are from , everybody is going thru something but it ’ll be okay . remember the adrenaline rush when you heard nwa or jeezy for the first time ? if you were a kid you probably had the of feeling like “ i do n’t know if my parents want me to hear this but i ca n’t wait to tell my friends what i discovered ” . that is the raw street energy that av the great and gas house smitty bring on their project , “ bunkin 101 ” . if there is a word that defines turning nothing into something , the term would be “ bunkin ” . an underground southern term that is commonly used in the streets but has yet to be brought to the mainstream . like great the texas groups before them ( ugk , the geto boys , dsr ) they are showcasing a raw sound with honest motivational lyrics.the story of the everyday person that goes to school or working a dead-end job or starting a business or trapping on your favorite digital scale or sometimes , all of the above at the same time . if you getting to the money on a mission , you “ bunkin ” . if you having a good time , you “ bunkin ” . av the great is a 3 time award winner including “ best underground southern rapper ” at the 2015 uma ’s and gashouse smitty caught the attention of many when his song “ rambo ” racked up over 200k plays on youtube . they joined forces to create the single “ bunkin ” and it has been played on over 20 radio stations including top markets like dallas , pheonix and houston . their debut group project “ bunkin 101 ” is a high energy , fun , no-filter , dangerous yet exciting universal sound with a blend of the same texas culture that resonates with many and has brought fame to the great artists most recently drake and travis scott . what ’s the difference ? “ bunkin 101 ” relates to everyone , not just lady ’s and druggies . at least once in your life you ’ve felt like you had something to prove with belief that brighter days were soon ahead .
these little tricks lead to great results . if you are counting calories , then these tricks will play a huge influence for you.blotteruse a paper napkin to get the fat from the pizza slice . if this becomes a habit for you , then you can get rid of a whole cup of fat a week.drink more milkconsumption of 1800 mg of calcium per day will help block the absorption of about 80 calories . drink skim or 1 % milk , add it to coffee and enjoy.buy sliced vegetablesthey are more expensive , but later you will be convinced that this is the most wonderful snack.drink more watera recent german study showed that drinking water burns calories . two glasses of cold water , the temperature of which is not higher than 72 ° c , can burn about 25 calorieschoose the smaller oneuse a small plate during your meals . studies show that people who eat from smaller plates consume less food per day.brew the juiceadd water to your juice in order to reduce the amount of calories contained in the juice.keep a snack readymix three kinds of beans and season them with a low-calorie italian sauce . let this snack be at you always ready.think about foodwhen eating , do not watch tv or read , just think about food.eliminate meaningless snackschewing gum with a strong taste of cinnamon , which will help you to avoid snacks.tighten the belt tighterwhen you want a snack , tighten your belt , as a reminder of the size you want to achieve .
total shareseosio announces dawn 4.0 update , full release slated for junenewsblock.one cto daniel larimer has announced the release of eosio dawn 4.0 , the latest version of the architecture of eosio platform for decentralized applications ( dapps ) . the update includes a number of changes in preparation for the full launch of eosio 1.0 in june , according to larimer ’s medium post saturday , may 5 . block.one is an open source software publisher currently working on eosio , a decentralized operating system designed for industrial-scale applications . eos , the erc20 token that is fueling the eosio platform , currently has the fifth largest market cap of all cryptocurrencies , according to data from coinmarketcap.one month after dawn 3.0 was released on april 6 , the 4.0 update includes a number of new features and guidelines , according to larimer ’s medium post.it is mainly focused on inter-blockchain communication , a feature that block.one believes to be critical for scaling blockchains up for large user bases.according to daniel larimer , dawn 4.0 ’s inter blockchain communication would give applications running on different blockchains the ability to purchase the unused ram from each other over “ multiple chains with independent memory regions running on independent hardware . ” specifically , block.one predicts “ many applications will prefer the many-chain approach to scaling as it will lower overall costs and scale faster . ” dawn 4.0 seeks to encourage users to distribute their unused ram by letting supply and demand govern the price . as eosio expects increased demand for ram , the price will automatically increase , “ so that the price approaches infinity before the system runs out of ram . ” in addition to inter-blockchain communication , block.one has “ been focused on cleanup and stability of the eosio software . ” according to github , where the project is currently in development , there are 508 open issues with the software at press time . however , with 987 issues now closed , eosio is the eighth most active c++ project on github for the past month , not far below bitcoin , which holds the sixth place .
billionaire investor and berkshire hathaway ’s chairman and ceo warren buffett reiterated his negative stance towards cryptocurrencies at the annual meeting of his company saturday , may 5 . buffet repeated his idea that cryptocurrencies will come to a “ bad ending , ” and claimed that bitcoin ( btc ) is " probably rat poison squared , " according to cnbc.in response to a question on buffet ’s view of cryptocurrencies raised by an attendee from ukraine , the “ oracle of omaha ” has made yet another anti-crypto statement . according to buffet , bitcoin is not a “ productive ” asset , unlike land or corporate shares . as a result , investors ’ demand for it is the only price-determining factor , making digital currency a handy tool for “ charlatans , ” buffet said.the billionaire investor claimed that cryptocurrency community is in for a “ bad ending ” after the “ euphoria wears off . ” berkshire hathaway ’s vice chairman charlie munger echoed buffet ’s criticism of cryptocurrency investment , albeit in much harsher terms : " someone else is trading turds and you decide i ca n't be left out . " earlier in february , munger called bitcoin “ totally asinine ” and argued that people get involved in crypto ” because everybody wants easy money . ” 87-year-old buffet is known for his scepticism towards cryptocurrencies . the billionaire investor has made repeated statements claiming that bitcoin is neither a currency , nor a way of investing . in october 2017 , buffet claimed that bitcoin had entered the “ bubble territory , ” and is “ going to implode . ” some institutional players , on the other hand , are much more enthusiastic about bitcoin . for example , the banking giant goldman sachs has launched a bitcoin trading operation earlier this week , commenting that bitcoin “ is not a fraud . ”
aquaman is an upcoming american superhero film based on the dc comics character of the same name . it is intended to be the sixth installment in the dc extended universe ( dceu ) . the film is directed by james wan , with a screenplay by will beall , from a story by wan and geoff johns , and stars jason momoa as the title character , with amber heard , patrick wilson , willem dafoe , yahya abdul-mateen ii , temuera morrison , dolph lundgren and nicole kidman in supporting roles . it is the third live-action theatrical film featuring the title character , following batman v superman : dawn of justice ( 2016 ) and justice league ( 2017 ) , and will be the first full-length feature film centered around the character . in aquaman , arthur curry , the heir to the underwater kingdom of atlantis , must step forward to lead his people and to be a hero to the world.principal photography began in australia on may 2 , 2017 , with most of the film shot at village roadshow studios in gold coast , queensland , and wrapped on october 21 , 2017 . the film is scheduled to be released by warner bros. pictures in reald 3d and imax 3d on december 21 , 2018 . following the events of justice league , arthur curry , the reluctant ruler of the underwater kingdom of atlantis , is caught in a battle between surface dwellers and his own people who are ready to lash out and invade the surface.credit : wikipedia
it 's a bank holiday weekend in the uk and the sun is shining , a very rare event indeed . will you be out enjoying the sunshine ? working in the garden ? will you be taking part in some creative pursuits ? i will and have some sewing , crochet and patchwork lined up ready.the focus for our calendar project this month is on knitting and is based on my learn to knit class which has been on of the most popular ones i 've done . it has been very successful in helping people to start knitting so , if you would like to try it this month , i am adding a free bonus project to go with it . you 'll have to buy the class to find out what it is , but it 's the perfect accompaniment to the item you make in class . included in the class are some trouble shooting tips and , of course , i am always happy to give personal help if needed.in member 's showcasewedding season is well under way and rachel has been busy knitting wedding characters . the latest off the needles is this very handsome best man and he now completes the wedding party.instead of a video this week , i wanted to share my blog post over on the uk quilters united website . social media has been a great way to share wonderful crafts with others but , at times , it can sometimes be overwhelming when you are starting out in a new craft . if you look at some of the wonderful quilts there are around , it would be easy to feel that you 'd never be good enough and not make a start . i hope the blog post will help . in recommended offers and other newswith it being a bank holiday weekend , there seems to be a lot of special offers around . here are just a few that i 've seen.craftstash have 30 % off 5x7 card collection . hobbycraft have a half price sewing event including gutermann threads . plush addict are offering free postage to the uk and europe this weekend , an offer i will definitely be taking advantage of . the fabric bazaar is also offering free p &amp; p but you need to use the code holiday . the corner patch are offering 30 % off when you spend £ 30 , code is mayday . i want fabric.com are giving 20 % off everything with the code sewcheap . empress mills has 10 % off , use the code may2018.if you need a little help getting motivated to be creative , why not try our member 's club where you get a new project each month with full video instructions and i 'm always on hand to answer any question . you can choose the annual membership with a free copy of the 2018 create with loopy calendar and you 'll get 12 months membership for the price of 9 . currently , the free class talks you through making cushions from treasured shirts . this class will soon be changing , so now is the time to get signed up if you do n't want to miss it . please share your photos with us if you have a go . if you would like to make someone a gift of a class or an item but not sure which one to get , our gift certificates are a great idea , just visit the website for more details . you can see details of the current calendar project here and you 'll find the details of the learn to knit class here . i am taking orders for bespoke items and quilts for july onward . if you have a special event coming up , please book your place as soon as possible to avoid disappointment .
crazy myths about the fast food industry have spread like wildfire among many people throughout the last several years . from the beef used in taco bell ’s food to the content of shakes at mcdonald ’s , countless people have fell for unbelievable myths about the nature of fast food . fortunately , a lot of the infamous myths have been proven to be false . some have been debunked by popular fast food companies themselves . find out what is really true about fast food . the facts may surprise you!myth : the incorruptible hamburgerfact : according to mcdonald ’s canada , mcdonald ’s hamburgers do tend to dry out instead of rot , yet this is not due to the use of chemicals that make the hamburgers “ incorruptible ” . in reality , the hamburgers just do not have much moisture in them after the cooking process , and leaving them in the open air reduces more moisture . otherwise , the hamburgers would rot like any other fast food hamburger.myth : dine-in restaurants are healthier than fast food restaurantsfact : a drexel study exposed that dine-in establishments do not always serve food that is always healthier than fast food restaurants . in reality , a full meal at a sit-down restaurant can lead one to pack on more calories than one needs in a whole day . compare that to a fast food combo meal with more calories than needed for just one meal.myth : salads are always a healthy optionfact : although it may naturally seem as though salads are consistently the safe option at fast food joints , the consumerist has proved this to be wrong . since fast food salads typically have more cheese , meat , and salad dressing than is needed , they are no better than the greasy , salty , and sweet options available to eat . salads can often have more fat , sugar , and sodium than other fast food items.myth : fast food is cheapfact : many people do consider fast food to be cheaper than preparing food at home , but this is not even true . according to a ny times article , feeding a family of four a typical meal from mcdonald ’s can cost over $ 20 . on the other hand , one can prepare a meal for a family of four at home for close to $ 10 . it depends on how one shops at grocery stores.myth : darker roasted coffee has more caffeinefact : if you are a big coffee lover , you probably believe that darker roasted coffee contains more caffeine than lighter roasted coffee . in reality , the darker roasted coffee at your local starbucks is not as buzzworthy as you may think . coffee beans start off green and become darker through the roasting process . the longer coffee beans are roasted , the more caffeine is depleted from them . this means darker coffee beans have less caffeine , according to a washington post article.myth : chicken mcnuggets are made of pink slimefact : the rumor of mcdonald ’s chicken mcnuggets being made with pink slime was proven to be untrue . according to mcdonald ’s , the chicken mcnuggets are made with usda inspected boneless white chicken meat . there was even a video prepared to show the process of making them ( and no pink slime was used ) . it can be viewed online.myth : white castle ’s onions are not onions at allfact : people fell for the belief that white castle ’s onions were actually pieces of cabbage soaked in onion juice . this is not factual . real onions are used on their hamburgers , known as sliders , along with pickles . they prefer to keep it simple with real ingredients , which is noted on their website.myth : mcshakes are made with pig fatfact : in reality , the signature shakes at mcdonald ’s are prepared using a pre-made mix that does contain dairy , not pig fat . animal meat/fat is not listed as one of the ingredients of the mcshakes on the mcdonald ’s menu , according to mcdonald ’s uk.myth : the taco meat is only 35 percent beeffact : along with this ridiculous taco bell myth comes the belief that the taco meat is grade d and unfit for humans to eat , despite it being sold to millions every day . taco bell cleared this up by informing the public that their meat is 88 percent beef and 12 percent fillers . the fillers are included to give the meat the color and texture it has , but it is safe to consume.myth : mutant chickens are on the menufact : some people have described the chicken served to customers by kentucky fried chicken ( kfc ) to be genetically modified . the reality is that kfc uses high-quality poultry that people buy at supermarkets every day , not mutant chickens , which was debunked by kfc . this rumor , like many others , has been circulating around for years .
ingredients : 1 pound ground beef 1 can ( 16 ounces ) refried beans 2/3 cup enchilada sauce 1/4 cup water 3 tablespoons finely chopped onion 4-1/2 teaspoons chili powder 1-1/2 teaspoons garlic powder 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano 15 to 20 flour tortillas ( 8 inches ) 1-1/2 to 2-1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheesedirections : in a large skillet , cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain . stir in the next eight ingredients . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; cover and simmer for 20 minutes . in a microwave , heat tortillas in batches until warm , about 45 seconds . spoon 3 to 4 tablespoons of beef mixture off center on each tortilla . sprinkle each with 2 to 3 tablespoons cheese and roll up . wrap burrito in paper towel , then in foil . repeat with remaining tortillas and filling . refrigerate . eat burritos cold , or remove foil and heat paper towel-wrapped burrito in a microwave on high for 30-60 seconds.note : this recipe was tested in a 1,100-watt microwave.nutritional facts : 1 each : 204 calories , 7g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 22 mg cholesterol , 435 mg sodium , 24g carbohydrate ( 1g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 11g protein.makes : 15-20 servingstotal time : prep : 30 min . + chilling
gluten free anything has been all the rage for quite some time now . so whether you ’re a gluten free enthusiast , just a newbie or actually have gluten intolerance ( coeliacs disease ) , this list will help anyone seeking a gluten free life transition with sheer ease ! from vegetables to beans and other things in between , no longer will one have to rule out pasta completely . so strap on your apron and get ready to try some new guilt free alternatives to traditional pasta today ! enjoy!adzuki bean noodleslooking for a vegan and gluten free noodle ? try adzuki bean noodles . they are made of adzuki beans , soybeans and water ! they are a nutritional powerhouse that be enjoyed without the guilt!edamame and mung bean fettucinefettuccine without the gluten fear , anyone ? use edamame and mung bean fettuccine in your next dish . unlike many gluten-free pastas , edamame and mung bean fettuccine wo n’t ever overcook and it has the al dente texture you expect from pasta . to top that , it ’s ridiculously nutritious and delicious.edamame noodlesare you a fan of edamame ? if so , edamame noodles should work well for you ! indulge in the nutritional value you expect with the great taste of fresh pasta!shirataki noodlesshirataki noodles are a type of japanese noodle made from the konjac yam . they are thin , translucent , gelatinous , largely composed of water and glucomannan ; a water-soluble dietary fiber . they are pretty expensive , but extremely low in carbs and calories.carrot noodlesperfect for a cold or hot dishes , carrots instantly become noodles with the use of an easy operate spiralizer . add some color to your next gluten free pasta dish with carrots!zucchini noodleszucchini noodles are another favorite of spiralizer fans worldwide ! zucchini is very rich in vitamin a , giving you a power packed nutritional gluten free pasta option!black bean noodleswith just black beans and water , black bean pasta is a splendid gluten free pasta option . the nutritional value of these noodles are five star — low carb , high fiber and extremely high protein make these noodles a winner.cassava noodlescassava or yuca , which it ’s also referred to as is a long tuberous starchy root . when combined with water , it makes a wonderful high fiber , gluten free pasta option!quinoa noodlesquinoa is a superfood that is often mixed with lentil , bean , corn , or rice based flour to make noodles . it is a great high fiber and high protein gluten free pasta option!corn pastacorn pasta comes in many shapes and sizes , from spaghetti to elbow and everything in between . it ’s very important to read the directions and follow the cooking instructions very carefully as this pasta will get mushy if overcooked . otherwise , its a great gluten free option for a variety of pasta dishes .
ingredients : 1-1/4 pounds lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1/4 cup finely chopped onion 1-1/4 cups salsa 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium taco seasoning 2 cans ( 15 ounces each ) pinto beans , rinsed and drained 1/2 cup water 2 cups shredded reduced-fat cheddar cheese 12 flour tortillas ( 8 inches ) , warmeddirections : in a large skillet , cook beef and onion over medium heat until meat is no longer pink ; drain . stir in salsa and taco seasoning . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , for 2-3 minutes . transfer to a large bowl ; set aside . in a food processor , combine pinto beans and water . cover and process until almost smooth . add to beef mixture . stir in cheese . spoon 1/2 cup beef mixture down the center of each tortilla . fold ends and sides over filling ; roll up . wrap each burrito in waxed paper and foil . freeze for up to 1 month . use frozen burritos : remove foil and waxed paper . place one burrito on a microwave-safe plate . microwave on high for 2-1/2 to 2-3/4 minutes or until a thermometer reads 165 ° , turning burrito over once . let stand for 20 seconds.note : this recipe was tested in a 1,100-watt microwave.nutritional facts : 1 each : 345 calories , 11g fat ( 4g saturated fat ) , 36 mg cholesterol , 677 mg sodium , 40g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 22g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2-1/2 starch , 2 lean meat , 1/2 fat.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 35 min . cook : 15 min .
ingredients : 1 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1 cup chopped onions 2 celery ribs , chopped 11 cups coarsely chopped cabbage ( about 2 pounds ) 2 cans ( 14-1/2 ounces each ) stewed tomatoes , undrained 1 can ( 15 ounces ) pinto beans , rinsed and drained 1 can ( 10 ounces ) diced tomatoes with green chilies , undrained 1/2 cup ketchup 1 to 1-1/2 teaspoons chili powder 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1/4 teaspoon salt sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese , optionaldirections : in a large skillet , cook the beef , onions and celery over medium heat until meat is no longer pink ; drain . transfer to a 5-qt . slow cooker . stir in the cabbage , stewed tomatoes , beans , diced tomatoes , ketchup , chili powder , oregano , pepper and salt . cover and cook on low for 6-8 hours or until cabbage is tender . serve with sour cream and cheese if desired.nutritional facts : 1-1/2 cups ( calculated without optional ingredients ) : 214 calories , 5g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 28 mg cholesterol , 642 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate ( 11g sugars , 6g fiber ) , 16g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2 lean meat , 2 vegetable , 1 starch.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . cook : 6 hours
cardiologists from the us told us what product will help to heal our heartsamerican scientists conducted a global study , which resulted in their main goal - to find out which of the food supports the heart and improves its work.in this experiment , rodents with excess body weight took part in the experiment . scientists have entered into a diet of beans and in a few weeks it was noted that in mice markedly decreased weight , and also decreased the level of cholesterol in the blood.in this experiment , rodents with excess body weight took part in the experiment . scientists have entered into a diet of beans and in a few weeks it was noted that in mice markedly decreased weight , and also decreased the level of cholesterol in the blood.cardiologists are convinced that the beneficial properties of beans are relevant not only to rodents , but also to humans , so this product should be included in the diet and use it at least 3 times a week.thanks to the beans , a person can heal the vascular system , from which the condition of the heart works also . and also to prevent the most common to date of the disease : atherosclerosis , arterial hypertension , coronary heart disease , stroke , heart attack and others.in addition , in the course of the study , american scientists discovered the relationship between the introduction of beans rodents and the improvement of their nervous system . thus , cardiologists have come to the conclusion that people who are exposed to stress too often need regular meals with beans .
despite a series of pay rises over the years , hong kong ’s judiciary is still suffering from a manpower crunch , with 50 of the city ’s 214 positions on the bench left vacant between last april and this march . the shortage was most severe in the lower courts , with 36 of 109 permanent magistrate positions unoccupied , compared with 31 vacancies in the previous 12-month period . at the high court , seven out of 34 posts were not filled , the same as the previous year , according to a government paper submitted to lawmakers last week . justice mohan bharwaney , who was a senior counsel before he became a high court judge in 2011 , said despite higher pay and the practice of reappointing retired judges for shorter periods , the judiciary was “ very far away ” from tackling its manpower shortage . “ it ’s a function of economics , because the senior counsel who are fit and proper to be appointed to the high court are earning so much money in practice , ” bharwaney said . the paper showed that high court judges earn upwards of hk $ 292,650 ( us $ 37,280 ) each month with those in the court of appeal earning upwards of hk $ 307,050 . but top-tier senior counsel could earn more than double those amounts . bharwaney said that to get more established legal eagles to the bench , “ it would be great if some senior counsels would wake up to the fact that you have to give back to the society which has given much to you ” . he described being a judge as requiring a “ large element of public service ” . two years ago , judges across the board were given a pay rise of 4.85 per cent with additional medical and other benefits but legal experts warned this would do little to close the gap . they suggested other ways of ensuring a steady pipeline of judges , for example , by imbuing young lawyers with a sense of duty , so they would aim to join the bench later in their career . former bar association chairwoman , winnie tam wan-chi , who was previously a deputy high court judge , said restricting retired judges from returning to private practice was putting off talented individuals and should be scrapped . currently , those who want to join a private firm after stepping down from the bench must first seek the hong kong chief executive ’s permission . “ it is a pity to retire someone at the age of 65 and not give them any way to return to the legal profession and practice , ” tam said . “ with such an abrupt ending to one ’s professional life , many would be hesitant to join the bench . ” the legco paper also revealed a mixed report card for the judiciary ’s performance in processing court cases . last year , defendants whose criminal trials were at the district court found themselves waiting an average of five months between the first mention of the case and the start of the hearing , two months more than the year before . this was because more district court judges were sent to the high court to hear criminal appeals . and while the average time taken from the filing of criminal charges to the first hearing at the high court was reduced by half from almost 10 months to just over five months , it still fell short of the judiciary ’s service pledge for the process to take 120 days . in general , waiting time for civil trials to begin also increased , but the courts showed improvement in the time taken to conclude commercial and civil trials and hand down verdicts . however , this was not the case for tribunal and miscellaneous appeals , including judicial reviews , with courts taking an average of two months last year to deliver judgments , up from 36 days the year before . the paper noted the chief judge of the high court was “ fully aware of the situation … and is making every effort ” to give judges more time to write their judgments , in view of the manpower shortage , while balancing this with the need to process cases within a “ reasonable ” time frame .
the pdf file is designed to convert to ward . there are so many software or apps . but they are bought with money . find out how to convert free pdf files to wards.wps pdf to word is the easiest way to convert a pdf file to word . through this app , any pdf file can be converted to doc docx file . even by extracting text from the pdf file , the text file can also be saved through this app.free version of the wps pdf to word app is best for this purpose . but this app has its own limitations . this app can convert only 5 pages together.if you want to convert a large pdf , you can convert it into small files using pdfsam basic and convert it to word files with wps pdf to word .1 . download pdfsam basicif the pdf file you want to download is larger than 5 pages , then with the pdfsam basic app , you will have to break it in a small piece .2 . break your pdf fileopen a pdf in pdfsam basic , select the split option and split your pdf file into 5 pages . now your pdf file is ready for converting to word file .3 . download wps pdf to wordnow download the free version of the wps pdf to word . now launch the app and convert all pdf files to one word file . wps pdf to word lets you convert multiple pdf files at once . but keep in mind that all these files are less than 5 pages .
ingredients : 1-1/2 pounds lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1 large onion , chopped 1 large green pepper , chopped 1 jalapeno pepper , minced 1-1/4 cups soft bread crumbs 1 large egg , beaten 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes 1 teaspoon dried basil 1 teaspoon italian seasoning 1 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon pepper 2 cans ( 8 ounces each ) tomato sauce , divided 2 medium tomatoes , coarsely chopped 4 to 5 medium zucchini 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheesedirections : in a large bowl , combine first 11 ingredients and one can of the tomato sauce ; mix well . stir in tomatoes . halve zucchini lengthwise ; scoop out seeds . fill with meat mixture ; place in two 13x9-in . baking dishes . spoon remaining tomato sauce over each . bake , uncovered , at 375 ° for 45 minutes or until the zucchini is tender . sprinkle with cheese during the last few minutes of baking.note : wear disposable gloves when cutting hot peppers ; the oils can burn skin . avoid touching your face.nutritional facts : 1 each : 221 calories , 11g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 72 mg cholesterol , 511 mg sodium , 11g carbohydrate ( 4g sugars , 2g fiber ) , 20g protein.makes : 8-10 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . bake : 45 min .
ingredients : 4 cups frozen cottage fries 1 pound ground beef 3 cups frozen chopped broccoli , thawed 1 can ( 2.8 ounces ) french-fried onions , divided 1 medium tomato , chopped 1 can ( 10-3/4 ounces ) condensed cream of celery soup , undiluted 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese , divided 1/2 cup whole milk 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon pepperdirections : line bottom and sides of a greased 13x9-in . baking dish with cottage fries . bake , uncovered , at 400 ° for 10 minutes . meanwhile , in a large skillet , cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink ; drain . layer the beef , broccoli , half of the onions and the tomato over fries . in a small bowl , combine the soup , 1/2 cup cheese , milk , garlic powder and pepper ; pour over top . cover and bake at 400 ° for 20 minutes . uncover ; sprinkle with remaining cheese and onions . bake 2 minutes longer or until cheese is melted.nutritional facts : 1 each : 420 calories , 22g fat ( 9g saturated fat ) , 46 mg cholesterol , 529 mg sodium , 40g carbohydrate ( 3g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 18g protein.makes : 8 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . bake : 35 min .
lastly , the mysterious beauty of the mumbai indians and the chennai super kings , which is an integral part of the familiar ipl matches , everyone watching the tv on tv or watching the ipl game on the mobile has gone to the dazzling beauty of the gallery.sad , because his favorite team is losing . the rate at which the dhoniies reached , the more color of the face was disgusted . the tears of the eyes of the eyes of the tears were gathered in the corner.the end of the game but the internet has won mysterious . many of them are curious about the myth that he was created and asked who is this mysterious ? is he just a supporter ? or does he have any other relationship in chennai super kings?eventually the identity of the young people came in public . it is known that his name is malati chahar . he is the sister of opening opener deepak chahar besides , he is also a great fan of mahendra singh dhoni . his helmet photos with mahi shining his instagram.not only deepak , but malati 's two siblings are in the ipl . deepak started bowling for chennai as a new ball . and the other is playing for mumbai . rahul chahar he is indeed legspinner.last year , the duo played well for pune franchise . this year , however , two brothers in two groups . though he got inspirational opportunity , rahul still did not play for mumbaiin contrast , deepak is playing great but this season . dhoni himself praised the game . although the match of tomorrow was not good at it . 13 balls after the ball to get back to the stadium . the team also lost.and sad to see that match in the gallery , sister malti her emotional vision is courtesy of camera viral .
most of us do n’t like milk unless it is with cornflakes or chocolates , or as a raw material in various products.our mothers are no better-forcing us to drink milk with the promises that “ we will grow tall ” . but now that we have gained some knowledge we know that it is not entirely true neither is it completely false.although disliked during childhood , it soon becomes a staple diet when you are away from home . oh , it irony of it . no particular cooking or heating required an just one glass sates your hunger for a few hours.read also : men and women wants this woman ’s milk ; earns lakhsbut did you the benefits of having a glass of milk a day?having a warm glass of milk before bedsome of us may not have a problem with constipation , but with the busy schedule , your biological schedule goes haywire . by having warm milk every night before sleep , the first thing in the morning you do is to rush to the loo . a clean system is one important aspect for a happy and healthy day ahead.read also : recipe : golden milk teabetter sleephave trouble falling asleep . or do you wake up in between for no particular reason ? then drink a glass of milk as it contains tryptophan which is an amino acid that helps us sleep better . tryptophan converts into serotonin , the hormone that gives you pleasure . serotonin also increases the amount of melatonin in your body and melatonin is the hormone responsible for good sleep.read also : recipe : royal milk tealose weightand now comes the last but not the least benefit , milk helps lose weight . wait ! what ? might be your reaction . but it ’s true . milk is basically high in protein . protein and fibre are the two most important nutrients that our body requires when we are on a weight loss plan . milk also helps to keep your sugar levels in control which means you wo n’t feel tired or hungry for next few hours after you have it.read also : low sperm count ???? drink walnut milk to enhance … . better sleep = burn more caloriesthe better sleep that drinking milk gives you makes you burn more calories . we burn calories while we sleep and a better sleep means more calorie burn . a cup of milk will reduce your appetite and will stop you from bingeing late at night . but one should keep in mind to have only pure milk if one wants to lose weight . do not add sugar , chocolate powder or any flavors to it.following this practice will make you lose 1.5 kilos in a month . that ’s a lot and such a motivation if you are losing it without doing anything but just having a glass of warm milk before you sleep .
ingredients : 1/2 cup dry bread crumbs 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese 3/4 teaspoon italian seasoning 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 cup egg substitute 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves ( 4 ounces each ) 1 jar ( 26 ounces ) meatless spaghetti sauce 3/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese 1/4 cup shredded parmesan cheesedirections : in a shallow bowl , combine the bread crumbs , grated parmesan cheese , italian seasoning , garlic powder and salt . in another bowl , beat egg substitute . dip chicken in egg substitute , then roll in crumbs . place in a 13-in . x 9-in . baking dish coated with cooking spray . bake , uncovered , at 375 ° for 10 minutes . turn chicken ; bake for 10 minutes . pour spaghetti sauce over chicken ; bake for 5 minutes . sprinkle with cheeses ; bake 10 minutes longer or until chicken juices run clear.nutritional facts : 1 each : 412 calories , 15g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 88 mg cholesterol , 1420 mg sodium , 32g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 5g fiber ) , 37g protein . diabetic exchanges : 4 lean meat , 2 starch , 1/2 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . bake : 35 min .
ingredients : 1 can ( 14-1/2 ounces ) diced tomatoes , undrained 1 cup water 1/2 cup quinoa , rinsed 4 large green peppers 3/4 pound lean ground beef ( 90 % lean ) 1 large onion , finely chopped 3 teaspoons dried parsley flakes 2 teaspoons paprika 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 1/4 teaspoon pepper 3 garlic cloves , minced 2 cans ( 8 ounces each ) no-salt-added tomato sauce , divided 3/4 cup frozen corn , thawed 1/2 cup shredded reduced-fat cheddar cheesedirections : drain tomatoes reserving juice ; set aside . in a small saucepan , bring water to a boil . add quinoa . reduce heat ; cover and simmer for 12-15 minutes or until liquid is absorbed . meanwhile , cut peppers in half lengthwise and remove seeds . in a dutch oven , cook peppers in boiling water for 3-5 minutes . drain and rinse in cold water ; invert onto paper towels . in a large skillet , cook the beef , onion , parsley , paprika , salt , pepper flakes and pepper over medium heat until meat is no longer pink . add garlic ; cook 1 minute longer . stir in one can tomato sauce , corn , quinoa and tomatoes ; heat through . spoon into pepper halves . place in a 13-in . x 9-in . baking dish coated with cooking spray . combine the reserved tomato juice and remaining tomato sauce ; pour over peppers . cover and bake at 350 ° for 30-35 minutes or until peppers are tender . sprinkle with cheese ; bake 5 minutes longer or until cheese is melted.note : look for quinoa in the cereal , rice or organic food aisle.nutritional facts : 2 each : 386 calories , 11g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 52 mg cholesterol , 622 mg sodium , 47g carbohydrate ( 17g sugars , 9g fiber ) , 26g protein.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 35 min . bake : 35 min .
hello : guys &amp; gal 's my copy &amp; paste link will get you , the views , &amp; subscribers , &amp; thumbs up just send $ 5.00 dollars to my paypal account at . applecap12@yahoo.com &amp; i will send you , the link ... a.s.a.p great job ... c :\ \ users \ \ appl cap ' \ \ desktop \ \ 2017-01-04_1236 . pngall my team do ? is click , on your videos , get more … $ $ $ money with your youtube channel apple cap ’s “ vision ” network is your answer : to more revenue with our services we do the work , for you , sit back &amp; relax and let the youtube checks roll in submit your youtube channel &amp; start “ today ” something new ’ for 2017 . join us “ escape ” - from-the-no-views-no-thumbs-up - &amp; - most-of-all-no-subscribers … wow!great news … we do ? all the above ! all for youtubers ) itunes-applecap12@yahoo.com-pass-focus @ 12applecaphttp : / / www.dailymotion.com / applecap12@yahoo.com-pass-funtimes12con-edison-user : nelson12-password-funtimes12this is the link , you , must continue to watch youtube , videos &amp; add this message to each video just add your youtube , ( “ channel ” ) link like you , see below ! and all you , do ? is keep watching and copy &amp; paste yours into the leave feed back … very simple to do and it should look like this ( “ message ” ) &gt; &gt; &gt; i just subscribed to your channel &amp; thumbs up you , please do the same for my channel support each other click here : https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucvao9uxf_esu0ozxgq7qsogthis is the # 1 best video-work-out in bed ! “ exercise to feeling great !!! for people , 40 &amp; up this is a more … relax still a lazzy work-out , without all the drama of lifting , pulling , or hard bending no-dvd ’s , no-weights , no pressure just a relaxed work-out while still in bed ! simplecopyright2017.1-914-230-8083this is going to be big ’ big ’ big ’“ producers ” of music , &amp; artists ” &amp; dj ’s , advertise : your music , or video with us . " exclusive " “ artists ” &amp; dj ’s , advertise : your music , or video with us . “ artists ” &amp; dj ’s , advertise : your music , or video to this " exclusive " fan page!admissions - free : dj ’s are welcome too just subscribe &amp; thumbs-up ! very easy to do just add - &amp; - upload-using this video , that ’s it . if you , got " talent " upload-it-to-this-page ! welcome : all independent recording artists ... your-time-is-now ! upload your very stylish song , fast past upbeat and the music , is great the overall sound of the song , is banging with high energy with the right audience it will work for you with a lot of fans if i can speak on one thing alway 's stay in tunes with the bandvideos , music , to get the subscribers &amp; thumbs up . the-name-of-the-game-is-to-share - this video , &amp; music , talent welcome : upload ... link - your videos , by adding this video to yours done!email -applecap12@yahoo.com-usbank.com-user-funtimes12-pass-funtimes @ 12-toy-motorcycle-pet-spot-game-racing setebid-buy - &amp; - sellodoo-ecommerse-website : selling productslulu.com-user-applecap12@yahoo.com-pass-121212myspace-user-applecap12 @yahoo.com - pass-funtimes12pay-pal-user applecap12@yahoo.com-pass-funtimes @12slicethepie.com -applecap10@gmail.com-email-pass-funtimes12music x-rayapplecap-user-pass-121212music x-raynelson-user-pass-funtimes123766dd50ffc90130d49e22000ab90e07https : / / www.musicxray.com / 2180b850a1d501346b720a92c1af50a4 pepperjam.com-user-applecap10@gmail.com-pass-funtimes @ 12password-list 2017zazzle.comapplecap-user name – pass-funtimes@12 ebayapplecap12914 user-password funtimes12yahoo-emailapplecap12@yahoo.com-user-password-app12 @capitunesreverbnationtwitterfacebookgoogle—emailapplecap12@yahoo.com - user-password applecap
since humans learned to talk , our facial muscles became so well developed that now we are able to reproduce more than 400 different facial expressions . animals do n’t have such great abilities , but their faces can also be very expressive .1 . i should have gone to bed earlier last night ... 2 . this tiger is failing at being a tiger .3 . thoughtfully licking the window ! 4 . this cat is disgusted by grass .5 . when you wake up and you ’re all out of coffee : 6 . this goat is not the most photogenic .7 . it ’s been a hard day .8 . “ having a bbq , and this is our view ... ” 9 . this is something heartbreaking .10 . this happy deer is eating an apple .11 . i am not fat . i ’m big boned .12 . this husky is really special .13 . the bear is obviously bored .14 . you never know when this guy is watching you .15 . a curious llama at the petting zoo ! 16 . not all pets are photogenic .17 . a very serious deer!which of them made you laugh ? do you have your own pets or photos of other funny and unphotogenic animals ? we would like you to share them with us in the comments .
at first , we wanted to collect only 23 cats but we could n’t stop and their number exceeded the reasonable limits . but it ’s not our fault ... we ’re sure you understand .22 . who is offended here ? me ? yes , i am offended ! 21 . winter is coming .20 . nothing unusual , just a cat under a blanket .17 . ready for the winter olympics ! and for the summer olympics , as well .16 . the mission is complete .15 . why on earth would you wake me up so early ? 14 . mini me ? 11 . i ’m ready for the beach ! 10 . say “ mou-u-u-u-se ! ” 9 . the advantage of front row tickets : 8 . i ca n’t really help , but i can definitely offer some support ... 7 . hello ! would you like your windows cleaned ? 6 . “ and this pose is called the upward stretching cat . ” 5 . bikers ? the ones with tattoos and leather jackets ? no , we have n’t seen them .4 . “ buy a kitten , ” they said . “ it will be perfect for a small apartment . ” 3 . ready for summer ... 2 . finally ! some peace and quiet ! 1 . with a little help from my friends ... how many cats can you count ? let us know in the comments !
there are some people whose actions and decisions are nothing short of puzzling . for them , nothing is impossible ! they can put their head in an aquarium to get a good a selfie or cut their friend ’s hair in a public place . and though their actions seem like they are beyond common sense , they never fail to make us laugh.when your barber has a vivid imagination : “ i found something worse than socks and sandals . ” an anti-theft fence “ going from 3rd into 4th always gives me trouble ... ”“ i ’d like to rent a truck with a hitch . what am i towing ? nothing much , do n’t worry about it . ” just a man cutting another guy ’s hair in the park ... underwater selfiemeanwhile in texas ... when you ’re staying late at work and decide to eat : “ this guy is playing his music out loud on a full flight at max volume . ” safety is the main concern , obviously . “ i do n’t even know what to call this . ” drunk jeansif your hair does n’t grow ... wait , how do you use toys?technology of the futuredo n’t do that.so you do n’t ever forget what your arm hair actually looks like . “ spinner-wich ” what do his family members look like?never give up!have you ever met these kinds of people who behaved really strangely and did n’t care ? tell us about it in the comment section !
it ’s a situation that you really would not wish on anyone . you think about her all of the time , and not in any way , shape or form as just a friend . problem is , she does not know it , or at least it does not seem like she knows it . being in love with a female friend is not an easy position to be stuck in , and when you just can not take it anymore , you have to admit that you need to find a way to make her fall for you or move on.what happens to most guys is , they just do n’t want to risk losing the “ dream ” of her . it ’s not that they do n’t want to lose her , as much as they do n’t want to lose the hope and the possibility that one day she will finally feel the same way . i ’ve known guys that were friends with a woman for ten years , and nothing changed , and they stayed in love with her the whole time . ten years ! you do not want to stay stuck on the same woman for ten years , do you?here are some tips that you can use to make your female friend become your lover : 1 . there has to be a time buffer between you and her.what i mean by this is , in order for you to change the way that she feels about you , there has to be some time where you transition from being her friend to being someone who wants more . and to do that effectively , you need to take some time away from her . as good as it might feel to be around her all of the time , if you do n’t take that time away , it ’s going to be tough to make her change the way that she sees you .2 . you need to work a little on the way that you act around women.during your little time away from her , you want to work on flirting with women a little more , getting used to being around women that you are attracted to without going straight into friend mode . the good thing about this is , since you are not going to be attached to any woman that you flirt with during this time , you can kind of experiment with what works and what does n’t work . that way , when you start to woo your female friend , you will know what to do and what to stay away from .3 . call her up to hang out and show off the “ new ” you.after spending some time away from her and polishing up your game so that you know how to flirt with a woman so that she responds the way you want her to , call up your female friend and get her to hang out . do n’t ask her on a date , because she will probably think that is weird . she has to see the new you , and she has to start feeling different , and that will only happen if you can get her alone with you . once you do , start flirting with her , and whatever you do , do not go back to buckling and doing whatever she wants and being that kind of guy friend that never gets anywhere with a woman .
ingredients : 1/3 cup packed brown sugar 1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 2 tablespoons lemon juice 2 tablespoons sesame oil 2 tablespoons worcestershire sauce 4 garlic cloves , minced 1 tablespoon ground mustard 1 teaspoon pepper 2 pork tenderloins ( 3/4 pound each ) directions : in a small bowl , combine the first eight ingredients . pour 1/2 cup marinade into a large resealable plastic bag . add the pork ; seal bag and turn to coat . refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight . cover and refrigerate remaining marinade . drain and discard marinade . place pork on a rack in a shallow roasting pan . bake at 450 ° for 20-25 minutes or until a thermometer reads 160 ° , basting occasionally with reserved marinade . let stand for 5 minutes before slicing.nutritional facts : 3 ounce-weight : 218 calories , 8g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 63 mg cholesterol , 510 mg sodium , 12g carbohydrate ( 10g sugars , 0 fiber ) , 24g protein . diabetic exchanges : 3 lean meat , 1 starch.makes : 6 servingstotal time : prep : 10 min . + marinating bake : 20 min .
ingredients : 1 pound ground beef 1 medium onion , chopped 1 medium green pepper , chopped 8 to 10 fresh mushrooms , sliced 3 celery ribs , chopped 1-1/2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cans ( 14-1/2 ounces each ) italian stewed tomatoes 1 jar ( 26 ounces ) spaghetti sauce 1/2 cup ketchup 2 teaspoons brown sugar 1 teaspoon sugar 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon chili powder 1 teaspoon prepared mustard hot cooked spaghettidirections : in a large skillet , cook the beef , onion , green pepper , mushrooms and celery over medium heat until meat is no longer pink . add garlic ; cook 1 minute longer . drain . in a 3-qt . slow cooker , combine the tomatoes , spaghetti sauce , ketchup , sugars , salt , oregano , chili powder and mustard . stir in the beef mixture . cover and cook on low for 4-5 hours or until heated through . freeze option : cool before placing in a freezer container . cover and freeze for up to 3 months . to use , thaw in the refrigerator overnight . place in a large saucepan ; heat through , stirring occasionally . serve with spaghetti.nutritional facts : 3/4 cup : 145 calories , 6g fat ( 2g saturated fat ) , 20 mg cholesterol , 779 mg sodium , 15g carbohydrate ( 9g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 9g protein.makes : 10-12 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . cook : 4 hours
on saturday , may 5 , spacex cargo spacecraft dragon performed a successful take off from the international space station . after that , he safely flooded in a given area of the pacific ocean.this information is reported by spacex on twitter.the report said that spacex 's third mission was successfully completed.good splashdown of dragon confirmed , completing spacex ’s third resupply mission to and from the @space_station with a flight-proven spacecraft.it is known that dragon sent about 1.8 tons of cargo from the orbital complex to earth.the company used the information provided by nasa . there pre-calculated that the dragon is flowing in the pacific ocean , west of the california peninsula . after that , he was to be taken to port long beach , california.preparing another ship to return to the iss will take one of the spacex centers in texas.materials brought to earth by dragon are related to the effects of weightlessness on plants and on the components of a number of medications.to remove dragon into orbit , spacex used the first level of the falcon 9 missile , which was previously used at another launch .
ingredients : 9 uncooked lasagna noodles 1 pound sliced fresh mushrooms 2 cups chopped baby portobello mushrooms 1 large sweet onion , chopped 3 tablespoons olive oil 1/2 cup minced fresh parsley 2 thin slices prosciutto or deli ham , chopped 2 garlic cloves , minced 1-1/2 teaspoons italian seasoning 2/3 cup white wine or chicken broth 2 cans ( 14-1/2 ounces each ) diced tomatoes , drained 1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese , divided 1 cup shredded parmesan cheese , divided 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream 1/4 cup whole milkdirections : cook noodles according to package directions . meanwhile , in a dutch oven , cook and stir the mushrooms and onion in oil until tender . add the parsley , prosciutto , garlic and italian seasoning ; cook 2 minutes longer . add wine ; cook and stir until liquid is evaporated . add tomatoes and heat through . spread 1 cup sauce in a greased 13x9-in . baking dish . layer with three noodles , 1-1/3 cups sauce , and a scant 1/4 cup each of mozzarella and parmesan . repeat layers twice . in a small bowl , combine the cream , milk and remaining cheeses ; spoon over the top . cover and bake at 350 ° for 30 minutes . uncover ; bake 10 minutes longer or until cheese is melted . let stand for 10 minutes before cutting.nutritional facts : 1 piece : 230 calories , 11g fat ( 5g saturated fat ) , 25 mg cholesterol , 279 mg sodium , 23g carbohydrate ( 6g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 10g protein . diabetic exchanges : 2 fat , 1 starch , 1 lean meat , 1 vegetable.makes : 12 servingstotal time : prep : 45 min . bake : 40 min . + standing
getty imagesdesign by mia feitel prince harry and meghan markle will make history when they officially tie the knot on may 19th at st. george 's chapel . luckily for us commoners across the pond , the ceremony will be aired on several us primetime channels as well as several streaming services . here 's a breakdown of how you can tune in to the upcoming royal wedding.set your alarms clocks because the today show team will be providing live coverage for the royal wedding bright and early . while the actual wedding takes place at 7 a.m est on may 19 , savannah guthrie and hoda kotb will host a live show at 4:30 a.m from a " special " location nearby the wedding chapel . the today show team will arrive a day prior to the festivities to give viewers exclusive tidbits about the wedding leading up to the big day . in addition to today , abc news and good morning america will provide special coverage for the event starting at 5 a.m until 10 a.m est. added bonus ? abc news and gma will also live stream the royal wedding coverage on their digital platforms , apps and social media . gayle king and kevin frazier will kick off cbs ' royal coverage at 5 a.m est on tv and online as well . how to watch if you do n't have cable : thanks to the good folks over at hulu and youtube , you can watch the royal wedding go down right from your computer screen . just make sure you sign up for hulu before then ! how to watch if you 're just not a morning person : social media will likely be flooded with photos and videos of the event so if you 're not a morning person , the royal wedding highlights will be ready and waiting for you whenever you wake up . be sure to check out the kensington palace 's official twitter account for highlights .
ingredients : 1/2 cup all-purpose flour 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper 2 to 3 pounds beef stew meat , cut into 1-inch pieces 2 tablespoons canola oil 5 cups water 5 teaspoons beef bouillon granules 1 tablespoon browning sauce , optional 1/2 teaspoon onion salt 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt 4 medium carrots , sliced 1 medium onion , cut into wedges 1 can ( 14-1/2 ounces ) cut green beans , drained dumplings : 2 cups biscuit/baking mix 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese 2/3 cup whole milkdirections : in a large resealable plastic bag , combine the flour , salt and pepper . add beef , a few pieces at a time , and shake to coat . in a dutch oven , brown beef in oil in batches . stir in the water , bouillon , browning sauce if desired , onion salt and garlic salt . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; cover and simmer for 1 hour . add carrots and onion . cover and simmer 10-15 minutes longer or until vegetables are tender . stir in green beans . for dumplings , combine biscuit mix and cheese . stir in enough milk to form a soft dough . drop by tablespoonfuls onto simmering stew . cover and simmer for 10-12 minutes ( do not lift cover ) or until a toothpick inserted in a dumpling comes out clean . serve immediately.nutritional facts : 1 serving ( calculated without browning sauce ) : 441 calories , 21g fat ( 8g saturated fat ) , 88 mg cholesterol , 1627 mg sodium , 33g carbohydrate ( 6g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 30g protein.makes : 6-8 servingstotal time : prep : 25 min . cook : 1-1/2 hours
vinicunca or winicunca , also called the mountain of the seven colors , rainbow mountain or mountain of colors ( the inhabitants call it cerro colorado ) is a mountain in peru with an altitude of 5,200 meters above sea level and owes its incredible coloration to the mineral richness that its floor . it is located on the road to nevado ausangate , in the andes of peru , cusco region , canchis province , and in recent years a process of mass tourism has begun.the official entrance to the rainbow mountain is by a small town called pitumarca , two hours from the city of cusco , then a walk , by car or motorcycle on the slopes of the mountain and then you can go up on horseback or on foot . rest of the way until you reach the montaña de colores.leaving the city of cusco , we drive through the longitudinal race of the peruvian sierra del sur ( pe-3s ) towards the town of checacupe where we take the fork to the town of pitumarca , and from this town trip through a tricky trail passing through several rural communities such as ocefina , japura , hanchipacha , until arriving at the community of pampa chiri , where the road ends and starts the 5 km walk to the vinincunca pass . where you can see the natural formation in the shape of a rainbow , considered the mountain of colors.all travelers agree that the best time of year to visit the rainbow is in the month of august , since it is dry season and it is excellent to visit . his already famous colors look pretty good . you have to try to avoid days when it has rained ( december , january and february ) or times when a snowfall has fallen .
last night 's episode of saturday night live distilled the legal disarray rattling trump 's white house into an appropriately chaotic cold open . it featured alec baldwin 's trump , with ben stiller returning as embattled lawyer michael cohen , and depicted the pair making phone calls to a bevy of trump-world acolytes.the sketch begins with stiller phoning baldwin and his newest incompetent advisor , rudy giuliani ( kate mckinnon ) , who baldwin-as-trump praises as " the sharpest legal mind since my cousin vinny . " once they 're all on a three-way call , stiller begs them to " decide on one lie and stick to it . " stiller 's machinations are interrupted by accidental calls to leslie jones as former white house aide omarosa manigault and martin short as trump doctor harold bornstein . ( the doctor recently admitted that trump wrote his own glowing health assessment in 2015 , which bornstein then signed . ) " i have zero commitments , personally or professionally , " says short . " but if you ever want to do drugs , i can get you all the drugs . " stiller and baldwin are then phoned by aidy bryant as sarah huckabee sanders and cecily strong as melania trump , before ivanka trump and jared kushner ( scarlett johansson and jimmy fallon ) hop on the line . finally , stormy daniels herself takes a call with the baldwin and stiller . " are you alone ? " stiller asks daniels . " and what are you wearing ? " baldwin interjects .
it 's been a few weeks since the latest royal baby , prince louis arthur charles , was born into this world and now the royals have shared the first official photos of the young lad since he was presented , on his birthday , to the uk press like simba . on saturday evening , kensington palace released two new photos of prince louis via twitter : one , taken on april 26 , of the new prince just chilling , and the other , taken on may 2 , with his sister charlotte . yep , that 's definitely a baby ! the photos capture what the delightful prince is already capable of : sleeping , being propped up , and staring off into the distance . the baby also seems to have that carefree look that comes with being third in line to the throne behind brother george and sister charlotte . sure , he has to keep up appearances but it 's unlikely he 'll have to shoulder much responsibility any time soon so why not just chill and enjoy life ? soak it up , louis .
avengers : infinity war hit yet another box office milestone this weekend . on saturday , the latest marvel cinematic universe adventure crossed the billion-dollar mark at the worldwide box office . it took just 11 days to reach that point , faster than any other film to date . it 's marvel 's sixth billion-dollar movie and disney 's seventeenth — meaning the studio 's releases now officially account for half of the 34 movies to ever hit $ 1 billion at the box office . the weekend also makes infinity war ( $ 1.16 billion ) the # 5 super-hero movie of all time at the global box office , behind four other mcu releases . in the u.s. , the latest avengers took in and estimated $ 112.5 million during its second weekend . it 's only the fifth film in hollywood history to makes more than $ 100 million in its second weekend . perhaps even more impressively , the overall domestic box office of $ 451 million makes infinity war the # 15 highest domestic box office earner of all time . this is a popular movie . the question is , will it last ? to use a current example , infinity war audiences are so far drifting away faster than black panther moviegoers . roughly 56 percent of the audience dropped off from the first weekend to the second , compared to a much smaller 45 percent for panther . that said , we only have a small sample size to work with so far . the big test for infinity war 's ultimate box office performance will be how it fares in weeks three , four , five , and on . it has a good shot at topping black panther 's domestic total of $ 693.1 million ( and counting , as the movie is still in theaters ) , but nothing is assured . for one , infinity war is a long movie . at two hours and 40 minutes , it 's got the mcu 's longest running time to date . that kind of time commitment — especially when you factor in trailers , ticket purchases , and schlepping to and from the theater — only hurts the prospects of the audience signing up for repeat viewings . what 's more , infinity war is only half of a two-part story while also serving as the culmination of an arc that the mcu has been building up to for the past 10 years . for all of its positive qualities , it 's an unwieldy beast that lacks any sense of immediate closure . compare that to black panther , a relatively self-contained story with a clear beginning , middle , and end . its ability to stand alone also means it has much broader appeal , as audiences can walk in knowing they do n't need 10 years of movie history in their head to fully enjoy what they 're seeing . beyond all of that , it 's also the spring/summer release season : infinity war is weeks away from competing with mega-blockbusters like deadpool 2 , solo : a star wars story , and jurassic world : fallen kingdom . meanwhile , black panther — a february release — had a clear runway for more than a month before any viable competitors came along . none of this is meant as a knock on infinity war , which is a great avengers movie in its own right and one that serves the fan community well . but there are plenty of obstacles to infinity war reaching the domestic box office success of some of its predecessors .
hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a7a8d00a681a8 " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a2c5280956499 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a613740a54e36 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a74c98092f197 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a76a4809bd841 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a6ff10097b561 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a7c1f80afa5a4 " , " height " : 2460 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " } { " width " : 1450 , " web_uri " : " 005aef2a7e0c40954265 " , " height " : 2175 , " description " : " hilary duff in black leather , on a set in new york city " }
mark spiegel of stanphyl capital on why tesla inc. ( nasdaq : tsla ) is still a zero – a presentation from the recent short-seller conference hosted by whitney tilson last week . see the 156 page slide deck below . the next henry ford or donald trump ? we will let readers decide that one ! now some excerpts from the pdf tesla short thesis in short 3 broad reasons why the equity in tesla is worth “ zero ” • tesla ’s financials are horrible and worsening even before massive competition begins arriving later this year • tesla has no “ moat ” of any kind and in fact now possesses trailing technology in all facets of its business • a “ bet on elon ” is a bet on someone who ca n’t be trusted - he has a long track record of making hugely misleading statements tesla and capital raises “ tsla does not need to ever raise another funding round ” - elon musk , february 2012 subsequent equity &amp; unsecured debt financings : september 2012 : $ 195 million may 2013 : $ 913 million february 2014 : $ 2 billion august 2015 : $ 652 million may 2016 : $ 2 billion march 2017 : $ 1.4 billion august 2017 : $ 1.8 billion soon : many more billions ( if the sec allows it and anyone gives it to them ) the gigafactory and panasonic partnership but what about electric car batteries ? tsla ’s a “ battery company , ” right ? and what about the “ gigafactory ” ? • tesla ’s battery cells are made by panasonic • panasonic ’s so-called “ investment ” in the gigafactory is really a capital lease of its equipment to tsla • tsla uses a small cylindrical cell that - because it ’s expensive to assemble into packs - has been obsoleted by new , larger format cells ; no other major auto maker even wants to use them • panasonic happily sells those larger cells to tesla ’s competitors • because of tesla ’s locked-in purchase commitments to panasonic , it may now be paying significantly more for batteries than its competitors model 3 math • a base model 3 would cost tesla at least mid - $ 40,000 s to build , so it can either sell them at a gigantic loss starting @ $ 35,000 or — as it ’s doing now @ $ 49,000 — mandate a larger battery + other options and thus price them into a much smaller market segment . • in fact , tesla recently acknowledged that it wo n’t make any $ 35,000 model 3s until at least late 2018/early 2019 , and i predict they wo n’t build more than a tiny handful at that price , just to claim they “ did it . ” • bernstein estimates that &lt; 30 % of current tesla owners with model 3 reservations completed their orders when invited to do so ; forums indicate that the percentage among non-tesla owners is much lower . • besides a massive number of tesla forum posts indicating that the model 3 is a lemon , its touchscreen-only interface means operating it is the dangerous equivalent of texting-while-driving tons of competition for tesla in ev market ( listed in slide deck ) a massive number of long-range electric cars will soon be on the market , often at prices subsidized by profits from their makers ’ conventional vehicles , an option tesla does n’t have . additionally , here in the u.s. tesla ’s $ 7500 tax credits will expire in late 2018 while competitors will just be starting to use theirs , so pricing pressure on tsla will be intense . here ’s the competition tsla faces in electric cars …
funds held in hong kong ’s mandatory provident fund have been shifting away from equity and towards more conservative investment strategies in the first quarter , amid rising stock market volatility . equity funds tied to the retirement scheme saw net outflows of hk $ 2.09 billion ( us $ 266.28 million ) in the first three months this year , while the pension scheme added hk $ 12.84 billion in the first quarter , according to data compiled by consulting company mercer . “ they are moving from riskier funds to more conservative ones because of the volatility of the market , ” billy wong , wealth business leader for mercer in hong kong , china and south korea , said at a media briefing on thursday . the net outflow in equity funds comes after four quarters of net inflows , according to mercer . the trend towards conservative investing will continue for the year as trade tensions between the us and china rattle markets , wong said . the benchmark hang seng index fell 11 per cent , or 3,647 points in 11 trading days from january 26 , having set a record after rising 35 per cent last year . “ in the first and second quarter of 2017 , money was moving from bond and cash funds to equities funds as the stock market surged , ” said wong . “ now it ’s moving back . ” bond , cash and guaranteed funds saw net inflows of hk $ 16.51 billion in the first quarter , representing 128.6 per cent of mpf net inflows , which suggests a major shift towards conservative investments inside the pension scheme . the 481 funds in the mpf fell 1.85 per cent in march on average , extending losses from february . for the quarter the funds are down 0.26 per cent on average , according to mpf fund operator convoy services . all mpf funds with stock investments – including equity funds and mixed asset funds , reported losses in march , according to thomson reuters lipper . wong urged young retirement scheme holders to invest with a long-term view , as they have 20 or 30 years to cash out and can bear higher risk . they should not move money out of equity funds just because the stock market is volatile now , wong said . the mpf pension scheme , covers 2.8 million employees and had hk $ 843.5 billion in assets last year , according to the latest report from its regulatory body , the mandatory provident fund schemes authority .
colton haynes and his husband jeff leatham have reportedly split after six months of marriage . a source confirmed the split to us weekly . “ jeff and colton have been having relationship issues since a couple months after the wedding , ” the source said . “ since colton stopped talking to a lot of his old friends , he was getting really depressed and did n’t feel like himself . ” the two recently unfollowed each other on instagram and haynes deleted some pictures of leatham from his account . haynes recently posted a demo of his song “ man it sucks ” on his account . the song ’s theme is heartbreak . multiple sources have reportedly said the relationship is over no one has stated why . the arrow star will return to the show next season as a reoccurring character for the first time in years . “ we ’re very fortunate and excited to welcome back colton to arrow , ” the show ’s producers said . “ while we ’ve always enjoyed colton ’s returns to the show , we could n’t be more thrilled to have him return as a proper series regular and we ’re very excited about all the creative opportunities roy harper ’s return affords us . ”
katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3af07600a7fbad " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " } { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3b5f1180952a9b " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " } { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3b7d1740a31945 " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " } { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3b834140a61745 " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " } { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3b854f0094bda1 " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " } { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3b84dc40a161c6 " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " } { " width " : 1176 , " web_uri " : " 005aef3b85f640a1b410 " , " height " : 1764 , " description " : " katharine mcphee arriving for a late show , spotted in new york city " }
donald glover is n’t the first performer to double as host and musical guest for an episode of saturday night live . in fact , he ’s the 25th . but between spot-on comedic turns and two versatile musical performances , he ’s definitely staked a claim to be counted among the very best of the bunch.as childish gambino , glover performed two new but very different songs . the first song , " saturday , " is an irresistible r &amp; b throwback , a michael jackson-style late-disco gem . his next musical performance found gambino hopping genres and decades with " this is america , " a kendrick-esque political rap anthem . in the music video , also released saturday , glover pivots between dancing gleefully and committing horrifying violence , shooting a black guitarist in the head before mowing down a joyful gospel choir . the video juxtaposes black peoples ' status as america ’s foremost cultural producers , creating music and dance styles that are consumed the world over , with our status as the victims of some of the nation 's most brutal crimes . glover depicts the “ acceptable ” face of black america — choirs and neatly-dressed school children and glover himself , singing and dancing in audience-pleasing routines — but weds it to the gruesome violence also committed against us , violence from which the world often prefers to turn away . " get your money , black man , " is the sung refrain , invoking icons like jay-z who suggest would suggest that capitalism is the route to black freedom .
a mystery is afoot ! many folks think khloe kardashian cheered tristan thompson on at saturday night 's cleveland cavaliers vs. raptors game , but some folks at cosmopolitan.com have their doubts . first things first , you need to see the evidence . tmz has the photo of a woman who is or is not khloé being escorted by security and wearing a leopard print duster and large sunglasses . khloe kardashian shows up at cavaliers game to support tristan thompson https://t.co/ulueadzncg— tmz ( @tmz ) may 6 , 2018 now , personally , i 'm pretty sure that 's khloé , but also several people at cosmopolitan.com are pretty sure it 's not khloé . or that it 's maybe not khloé . honestly , i 'm very confused ! like , i for sure thought it was khloé until the suspicions were registered , and now i 'm not so sure ! my head ! it hurts!the ( supposed !! ) court side visit happened just weeks after tristan thompson was spotted cheating with ( allegedly ) multiple women , and khloé giving birth to their daughter true thompson on april 12 . apparently , tristan is back in his cleveland home living with the khloé and true . “ khloé seems happy , ” a source said . “ she loves being a mom . she ’s focused on keeping her family together . she seems okay with tristan — there ’s no talk of a split . ” the two were also seen out at lunch together on friday . khloé is apparently determined to work things out with the nba player , who is currently in the middle of the nba finals .
" bless the lord , o my soul , and all that is within me , bless his holy name ! bless the lord , o my soul , and forget not all his benefits , who forgives all your iniquity , who heals all your diseases , who redeems your life from the pit , who crowns you with steadfast love and mercy , who satisfies you with good so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's . " psalm 103:1-5to “ bless ” the lord means to give him praise , to actually “ kneel before him ; ” to recognize his goodness and sovereignty over our lives , by giving him respect and honor.we have so many reasons to give god praise . if you ’re having a tough day and ca n’t think of many , here ’s just a few from these verses : he forgives our sin – for all of those times when we ’ve missed the mark , turned our back on him , or gone our own way , he forgives . he graciously extends mercy for every sin , when we simply come to him and confess our need.he heals our diseases – physical , emotional , spiritual , he covers every area of life where we have need . sometimes our “ disease ” is a need to please . sometimes our disease is a heart far away from god . other times our disease is a physical illness or deep loss we ’re facing . and he is able to heal all.he redeems our lives from the pit – he sets us apart for his purposes , he will never waste the painful times we experience . he lifts us out of dark places , he holds the power to make all things new . nothing is impossible with him . no one , no situation , is ever too far gone from his grasp of love and hope.he crowns us with love and mercy – he is faithful to reward us with his goodness . he gives constantly , continually , steadfastly , love and great mercy . we do n’t deserve it , but he loves lavishly , he pours out his grace.he satisfies our desires with good – he is good to us in all our days . life may not always be fair , life may not always be good , but god is always just and good . he brings favor and blessing.he renews our strength like the eagle – his spirit flows through us , constantly renewing us with strength and power . we can be assured that he is with us , and he will help us to soar over every obstacle and trial.he has done great things ... so thankful.dear god , we bless your holy name today ! thank you for your goodness , thank you for your crown of steadfast love and mercy . we recognize all that you have done for us , all that you continue to do now , and all that you will do in the future . thank you that your plans for us are good and that you renew our strength like the eagle ’s . thank you that you have redeemed our lives from the pit , you have forgiven our sin and healed all our disease . you are restorer of the broken , healer , and redeemer . you are father , you are friend , slow to anger , and abounding in lovingkindness . you are faithful , you are true , you are powerful , you are forever with us . you are holy , you are worthy , and we worship you this day , and always … in jesus ’ name , amen .
no introduction is needed about this episode regarding tesla inc. ( nasdaq : tsla ) ceo elon musk , and his conference call heard around the world – below is an informal transcript of the unforgettable moments . note , the transcript is not exact it was hard to make out some of the comments but the audio of elon musk is also below . so where specifically will you be in terms of your capital requirements next … elon musk – boring questions are not cool . next read every data point drop that we look at and to suggest that you know this truth nice but we do n’t know whether to go to class yet the best or better class of one . you should focus on long-term things . we have no interest in satisfying the desires of day traders . i could n’t care less . please sell our stock and do n’t buy it . and i think that if people are concerned about volatility they should definitely not buy our stock . i ’m not here to convince you to buy our stock . do not buy it if volatility is scary because of the reservations that actually opened made available for a year . can you let us know ? like what . what percentage have actually stopped to configure . we ’re going to go to youtube these questions are so dry they ’re killing me i ’m not an expert in a battery pack technology , but it seems that a lot of people are speculating that the specs for the semi truck even i believe that daimler claims that it breaks the law of physics . so i ’m wondering is this just a little you know much about physics . i know you have to engage in the public discussion . i actually took physics in college . awesome . great stuff . so i ’m also wondering are you guys going to let course be a market with a 350-kilowatt-hour supercharger . i know you mentioned at e3 press questions and i ’ve already gone . so yeah . yeah . so there ’s a way of saying hello . thank you . greg yeah . okay guys with quick questions and are are while . well yeah i have and i have a couple more .
it 's never known how strange family relationships can be , until someone shares his story and sends you in details that work so that you can hardly believe in them ... " on one good day , i married a widow who already had an adult daughter.after a while , my motto marries my wife 's daughter . so my wife became my father 's wives , my stepdaughter , that is , my daughter 's daughter became my stepmother , and my father became my son-in-law . my stepmother , or stepdaughter , gave birth to a son , my grandson became my grandfather , and i became a grandfather to my brother.now my wife gave birth to a son . he became my father 's chick , since he was my stepdaughter 's brother , and my stepdaughter became the grandson of his brother , for he is the son of my wife.since i am the father of my father , my son is my brother and at the same time my grandmother 's son , because my wife is my daughter 's daughter-in-law . so i became the stepfather of my stepmother ! my father is brother to my son , and my wife is my grandma , since she is the mother of my stepmother , and i am the father of my father "
ingredients : 1 package ( 12.3 ounces ) extra-firm tofu , drained and cubed 1 teaspoon seasoned salt 1 tablespoon canola oil 1 small onion , chopped 3 garlic cloves , minced 1/2 cup light coconut milk 1/4 cup minced fresh cilantro 1 teaspoon curry powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 2 cups cooked brown ricedirections : sprinkle tofu with seasoned salt . in a large nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray , saute tofu in oil until lightly browned . remove and keep warm . in the same skillet , saute onion and garlic for 1-2 minutes or until crisp-tender . stir in the coconut milk , cilantro , curry , salt and pepper . bring to a boil . reduce heat ; simmer , uncovered , for 4-5 minutes or until sauce is slightly thickened . stir in tofu ; heat through . serve with rice.nutritional facts : 1 each : 240 calories , 11g fat ( 3g saturated fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 540 mg sodium , 27g carbohydrate ( 2g sugars , 3g fiber ) , 10g protein . diabetic exchanges : 1-1/2 starch , 1 medium-fat meat , 1 fat.makes : 4 servingstotal time : prep : 15 min . cook : 20 min .
ingredients : 1/2 cup olive oil , divided 4 garlic cloves , minced 1 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon pepper 1 turkey ( 14 to 16 pounds ) 8 fresh sage leaves plus 4 fresh sage sprigs , divided 6 fresh thyme sprigs , divided 4 medium onions 5 celery ribs 5 medium carrots 3 medium parsnipsdirections : in a small bowl , combine 1/4 cup oil , garlic , salt and pepper . with fingers , carefully loosen skin from the turkey breast ; rub mixture under the skin . place sage leaves and two thyme sprigs under the skin . secure skin to underside of breast with toothpicks . cut onions into wedges and the celery , carrots and parsnips into 2-in . lengths . place about a fifth of the onions , celery and carrots in the turkey cavity ; add sprigs and remaining thyme . place remaining vegetables in a roasting pan . place turkey , breast side up , over vegetables . brush with remaining oil . bake at 325 ° for 3-1/4 to 3-3/4 hours or until a thermometer reads 180 ° , basting occasionally with pan drippings . cover loosely with foil if turkey browns too quickly . cover and let stand for 20 minutes before carving turkey . discard vegetables ; use drippings to make gravy.nutritional facts : 8 ounce-weight : 599 calories , 32g fat ( 8g saturated fat ) , 245 mg cholesterol , 342 mg sodium , 1g carbohydrate ( 0 sugars , 0 fiber ) , 72g protein.makes : 14 servingstotal time : prep : 20 min . bake : 3-1/4 hours + standing
in search of a fashionable and stylish option , you should pay attention to creative women 's haircuts - 2018 . they will definitely require courage and a real desire for change , but the result of reincarnation will surely surprise and please you . to entrust the creation of such a hairstyle is only now a professional and even an artist , so it is worthwhile only to turn to a salon with an excellent reputation . an additional bonus - the masterfully made hairstyles practically do not require styling , it will be enough just to wash and dry the hair.the stereotype that only long curls look womanly , has long been outdated . short , almost men 's hairstyles have not less elegance.among the short creative haircuts in 2018 , the championship is held by all the fashionable variants of the garzona.hairstyle looks great on hair of any type , but it 's best to emphasize its very bright colors . before creating it , it 's worth to consult with the master not only about the shade.ladakhatelnitsam fragile figures , graceful neck and facial features - so most accurately achieved its effect . look how graceful silhouettes of short creative hairstyles - 2018 on the photo below : with respect top blue styledid you like my work ? click the thumb up and share information with friends .
many types of bacteria can grow on animal products , so it ’s important to safely handle and store all types of meat . however , the different rules for handling different types of meat can be confusing . it may be perfectly safe to eat some meat a week after it was prepared or to freeze it for later . other types should be thrown away after only a few days.safety issues are associated with everything you may eat . a healthy kitchen depends on your knowledge of safe cooking and storage practices.never buy meat that ’s past the expiration or sell-by date . also , buy meats at the store after you ’ve found all your other items to decrease the time the meat is out of refrigeration.follow these specific guidelines when selecting certain meats : avoid any beef or pork that ’s dark brown or discolored , has a strong odor , or feels tough or slimy.avoid any poultry that looks faded , has a strong odor , or feels tough or slimy.avoid any fish that ’s faded or discolored , has squishy or slimy flesh , and has a strong fishy or ammonia-like odor.avoid any meat that ’s in damaged , leaking , or torn packages , as it ’s likely been exposed to the air and harmful bacteria.handling meatwash your hands frequently when preparing any type of meat , fish , or poultry . bacteria can quickly spread between your hands and meat . always wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds before and after handling meat , whether it ’s raw or cooked.because bacteria can spread easily , prepare the meat on a surface that ’s separate from all other cooking materials . keep vegetables and other ingredients away from meat , especially if you are n’t cooking them together in the same dish.try to use separate cutting boards , clean all cooking utensils after they touch raw meat , and use different utensils to serve food after you ’ve prepared it.storing meatuncured , raw meat generally lasts safely for around three days in the refrigerator . if you plan to keep uncooked meat longer , freezing it is your best bet . seal the meat in an airtight package before freezing . then , it can usually be frozen for at least several months.safe freezing and refrigeration time also depends on the storage temperature . keep your freezer as close to 0 ° f ( -17.8 ° c ) as possible . this helps retain nutrients and keep food fresh . keep your refrigerator at around 34 ° f ( 1.1 ° c ) , just above freezing , to effectively prolong the shelf life of foods .
- always wash your hands with hot soapy water for at least 20 seconds before and after handling food . - replace sponges and kitchen towels regularly . washing your dishes and cutting boards with dirty sponges and towels can spread more bacteria . bacteria and other disease-causing pathogens also grow on sponges and towels over time , so make sure to clean your sponge thoroughly every other day and replace it about once per week . - refrigerate or freeze perishables , prepared food and leftovers within 2 hours . do not leave them sitting out at room temperature . - always thaw food in the refrigerator . never defrost food at room temperature on the countertop . - cook food to the proper internal temperature and check for doneness with a thermometer . here are a few basic temps : food \ tinternal temperaturebeef ( ground ) \ t160 ° fchicken or turkey ( ground ) \ t165 ° fbeef , veal &amp; lamb ( roasts , chops , steaks ) \ t160-170 ° fpork \ t160 ° fchicken and turkey breasts \ t170 ° fchicken or turkey ( legs , thighs &amp; wings ) \ t180 ° f - wash cutting boards and knives with hot soapy water after food preparation , especially after cutting raw meat , poultry or seafood . sanitize cutting boards and counters with a dilute bleach solution - add 2/3 cup bleach to a gallon of water ; put in a spray bottle for easy use . - never place food on the same plate or cutting board that previously held raw meat , poultry or seafood unless the cutting board has been thoroughly washed.i wish than i helped with this tips which i use .
by : tanveer ahmedthis man was selling pens on the road with his daughter on his shoulders . a stranger clicked his picture and then ... # 3 a syrian refugeesometimes , it is simply disgusting to see a human being running from group of other human beings to survive . such is the case in syria right now . nothing in that country is going right . this story is about a refuge from there . so , a syrian refugee , abdul halim al-attar was attempting to support his family by selling pens in beirut , carrying his daughter on his shoulders with him as he did . # 2 a random strangerto call his family , abdul only had his daughter . his wife returned to syria months after they fled , but he stayed back to give his daughter a better and most importantly a safer future . one fine evening , he was selling his pens when a random stranger came and clicked his picture . this random stranger was gissur simonarso , a web developer from norway.keep reading ahead to see what he did with abdul 's picture . # 1 the inspirational manso gissur started a crowdfunding venture to raise money for the two - the final amount totaling over $ 200,000 . now this is some brilliant job done here ! doing something like this for a random stranger is a great thing . al-attar used the money to open up businesses in lebanon and , further , he hired refugees to work in them providing livelihoods for people just like him . this is great right?al - attar further said , " not only did my life change , but also the lives of my children and the lives of people in syria whom i helped . " now this man is inspirational , is n't he ?
